src/com/bbb/account/baby/BABYBOOKREQUEST.java:121:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/baby/BABYBOOKREQUEST.java:145:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/baby/BABYBOOKREQUEST.java:169:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/baby/BABYBOOKREQUEST.java:193:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/baby/BABYBOOKREQUEST.java:217:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/baby/BABYBOOKREQUEST.java:241:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/baby/BABYBOOKREQUEST.java:265:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/baby/BABYBOOKREQUEST.java:289:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/baby/BABYBOOKREQUEST.java:313:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/baby/BABYBOOKREQUEST.java:337:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/baby/BABYBOOKREQUEST.java:361:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/baby/BABYBOOKREQUEST.java:385:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/baby/BABYBOOKREQUEST.java:409:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/baby/BABYBOOKREQUEST.java:433:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/baby/Main.java:67:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/baby/ObjectFactory.java:36:	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/com/bbb/account/baby/ObjectFactory.java:36:	Document empty constructor
src/com/bbb/account/baby/TypeEnum.java:39:	Avoid variables with short names like v
src/com/bbb/account/baby/TypeEnum.java:39:	Parameter 'v' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/marshaller/RegistrationEmailMessageMarshaller.java:63:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'stringWriter' (lines '63'-'67').
src/com/bbb/account/marshaller/RegistrationEmailMessageMarshaller.java:84:	A throw statement in a finally block makes the control flow hard to understand.
src/com/bbb/account/profile/FeedFileParser.java:34:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/account/profile/FeedFileParser.java:41:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/account/profile/FeedFileParser.java:49:	Avoid excessively long variable names like profileResponseVOs
src/com/bbb/account/profile/FeedFileParser.java:49:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/account/profile/FeedFileParser.java:58:	Avoid excessively long variable names like isRegistrantResponse
src/com/bbb/account/profile/FeedFileParser.java:58:	Avoid excessively long variable names like registryResponseVOs
src/com/bbb/account/profile/FeedFileParser.java:58:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/account/profile/vo/ProfileVO.java:23:	Too many fields
src/com/bbb/account/profile/vo/ProfileVO.java:28:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/com/bbb/account/profile/vo/ProfileVO.java:63:	Avoid excessively long variable names like lastModifiedDateAsString
src/com/bbb/account/profile/vo/ProfileVO.java:115:	Parameter 'favStoreId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/profile/vo/ProfileVO.java:129:	Parameter 'siteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/profile/vo/ProfileVO.java:143:	Parameter 'memberId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/profile/vo/ProfileVO.java:157:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/com/bbb/account/profile/vo/ProfileVO.java:157:	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/profile/vo/ProfileVO.java:171:	Parameter 'firstName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/profile/vo/ProfileVO.java:185:	Parameter 'lastName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/profile/vo/ProfileVO.java:199:	Parameter 'email' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/profile/vo/ProfileVO.java:213:	Parameter 'mobileNumber' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/profile/vo/ProfileVO.java:227:	Parameter 'phoneNumber' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/profile/vo/ProfileVO.java:241:	Parameter 'lastModifiedDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/profile/vo/ProfileVO.java:255:	Parameter 'optInFlag' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/profile/vo/ProfileVO.java:269:	Avoid excessively long variable names like lastModifiedDateAsString
src/com/bbb/account/profile/vo/ProfileVO.java:269:	Parameter 'lastModifiedDateAsString' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/profile/vo/ProfileVO.java:283:	Parameter 'error' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/profile/vo/ProfileVO.java:297:	Parameter 'errorCode' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/profile/vo/ProfileVO.java:311:	Parameter 'responseMessage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/profile/vo/ProfileVO.java:325:	Parameter 'profileId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/profile/vo/ProfileVO.java:334:	Local variable 'profileDetails' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/profile/vo/ProfileVO.java:335:	Avoid concatenating nonliterals in a StringBuffer/StringBuilder constructor or append().
src/com/bbb/account/profile/vo/ProfileVO.java:336:	Avoid concatenating nonliterals in a StringBuffer/StringBuilder constructor or append().
src/com/bbb/account/profile/vo/ProfileVO.java:337:	Avoid concatenating nonliterals in a StringBuffer/StringBuilder constructor or append().
src/com/bbb/account/profile/vo/ProfileVO.java:338:	Avoid concatenating nonliterals in a StringBuffer/StringBuilder constructor or append().
src/com/bbb/account/profile/vo/ProfileVO.java:339:	Avoid concatenating nonliterals in a StringBuffer/StringBuilder constructor or append().
src/com/bbb/account/profile/vo/ProfileVO.java:340:	Avoid concatenating nonliterals in a StringBuffer/StringBuilder constructor or append().
src/com/bbb/account/profile/vo/ProfileVO.java:341:	Avoid concatenating nonliterals in a StringBuffer/StringBuilder constructor or append().
src/com/bbb/account/profile/vo/ProfileVO.java:342:	Avoid concatenating nonliterals in a StringBuffer/StringBuilder constructor or append().
src/com/bbb/account/profile/vo/ProfileVO.java:343:	Avoid concatenating nonliterals in a StringBuffer/StringBuilder constructor or append().
src/com/bbb/account/profile/vo/ProfileVO.java:344:	Avoid concatenating nonliterals in a StringBuffer/StringBuilder constructor or append().
src/com/bbb/account/profile/vo/ProfileVO.java:345:	Avoid concatenating nonliterals in a StringBuffer/StringBuilder constructor or append().
src/com/bbb/account/profile/vo/ProfileVO.java:346:	Avoid concatenating nonliterals in a StringBuffer/StringBuilder constructor or append().
src/com/bbb/account/profile/vo/ProfileVO.java:347:	Avoid concatenating nonliterals in a StringBuffer/StringBuilder constructor or append().
src/com/bbb/account/profile/vo/ProfileVO.java:348:	Avoid concatenating nonliterals in a StringBuffer/StringBuilder constructor or append().
src/com/bbb/account/profile/vo/RegistryVO.java:28:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/com/bbb/account/profile/vo/RegistryVO.java:43:	Avoid excessively long variable names like registrantAsString
src/com/bbb/account/profile/vo/RegistryVO.java:101:	Parameter 'registryTypeCode' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/profile/vo/RegistryVO.java:115:	Parameter 'profileId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/profile/vo/RegistryVO.java:129:	Parameter 'error' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/profile/vo/RegistryVO.java:143:	Parameter 'errorCode' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/profile/vo/RegistryVO.java:157:	Parameter 'responseMessage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/profile/vo/RegistryVO.java:171:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/com/bbb/account/profile/vo/RegistryVO.java:171:	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/profile/vo/RegistryVO.java:185:	Parameter 'siteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/profile/vo/RegistryVO.java:199:	Parameter 'email' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/profile/vo/RegistryVO.java:213:	Parameter 'registryId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/profile/vo/RegistryVO.java:227:	Parameter 'registrant' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/profile/vo/RegistryVO.java:241:	Parameter 'registryType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/profile/vo/RegistryVO.java:255:	Parameter 'eventDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/profile/vo/RegistryVO.java:269:	Avoid excessively long variable names like registrantAsString
src/com/bbb/account/profile/vo/RegistryVO.java:269:	Parameter 'registrantAsString' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/profile/vo/RegistryVO.java:278:	Local variable 'registryDetails' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/profile/vo/RegistryVO.java:280:	Avoid concatenating nonliterals in a StringBuffer/StringBuilder constructor or append().
src/com/bbb/account/profile/vo/RegistryVO.java:281:	Avoid concatenating nonliterals in a StringBuffer/StringBuilder constructor or append().
src/com/bbb/account/profile/vo/RegistryVO.java:282:	Avoid concatenating nonliterals in a StringBuffer/StringBuilder constructor or append().
src/com/bbb/account/profile/vo/RegistryVO.java:283:	Avoid concatenating nonliterals in a StringBuffer/StringBuilder constructor or append().
src/com/bbb/account/profile/vo/RegistryVO.java:284:	Avoid concatenating nonliterals in a StringBuffer/StringBuilder constructor or append().
src/com/bbb/account/profile/vo/RegistryVO.java:285:	Avoid concatenating nonliterals in a StringBuffer/StringBuilder constructor or append().
src/com/bbb/account/profile/vo/RegistryVO.java:286:	Avoid concatenating nonliterals in a StringBuffer/StringBuilder constructor or append().
src/com/bbb/account/profile/vo/RegistryVO.java:287:	Avoid concatenating nonliterals in a StringBuffer/StringBuilder constructor or append().
src/com/bbb/account/profile/vo/RegistryVO.java:288:	Avoid concatenating nonliterals in a StringBuffer/StringBuilder constructor or append().
src/com/bbb/account/profile/vo/RegistryVO.java:289:	Avoid concatenating nonliterals in a StringBuffer/StringBuilder constructor or append().
src/com/bbb/account/validatecoupon/ActivateCouponRequestVO.java:4:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.Date'
src/com/bbb/account/validatecoupon/ActivateCouponRequestVO.java:4:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.Date'
src/com/bbb/account/validatecoupon/ActivateCouponRequestVO.java:27:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'userToken'.
src/com/bbb/account/validatecoupon/ActivateCouponRequestVO.java:27:	Perhaps 'userToken' could be replaced by a local variable.
src/com/bbb/account/validatecoupon/ActivateCouponRequestVO.java:36:	Parameter 'mSiteFlag' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/validatecoupon/ActivateCouponRequestVO.java:44:	Parameter 'userToken' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/validatecoupon/ActivateCouponRequestVO.java:50:	Parameter 'mOfferCd' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/validatecoupon/ActivateCouponRequestVO.java:57:	Parameter 'pEmailAddr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/validatecoupon/ActivateCouponRequestVO.java:64:	Parameter 'mMobilePhone' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/validatecoupon/ActivateCouponRequestVO.java:71:	Parameter 'mPromoEmailFlag' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/validatecoupon/ActivateCouponRequestVO.java:78:	Parameter 'mPromoMobileFlag' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/validatecoupon/ActivateCouponRequestVO.java:92:	Parameter 'pType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/validatecoupon/ActivateCouponResponseVO.java:29:	Parameter 'endDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/validatecoupon/ActivateCouponResponseVO.java:41:	Parameter 'pStatus' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/validatecoupon/ActivateCouponResponseVO.java:53:	Parameter 'pCouponStatus' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/validatecoupon/CouponsResponseVO.java:35:	Parameter 'pEntryCd' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/validatecoupon/CouponsResponseVO.java:50:	Parameter 'pDescription' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/validatecoupon/ValidateCouponRequestVO.java:39:	Parameter 'pServiceName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/validatecoupon/ValidateCouponRequestVO.java:52:	Parameter 'pUserToken' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/validatecoupon/ValidateCouponRequestVO.java:64:	Parameter 'pSiteFlag' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/validatecoupon/ValidateCouponRequestVO.java:76:	Parameter 'pAction' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/validatecoupon/ValidateCouponRequestVO.java:88:	Parameter 'pEmailAddr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/validatecoupon/ValidateCouponRequestVO.java:100:	Parameter 'pMobilePhone' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/validatecoupon/ValidateCouponRequestVO.java:112:	Parameter 'pEntryCd' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/validatecoupon/ValidateCouponResponseVO.java:34:	Parameter 'pStatus' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/validatecoupon/ValidateCouponResponseVO.java:46:	Parameter 'pCouponStatus' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/verifyoldaccount/ValidateOldAccReqVO.java:24:	Parameter 'pServiceName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/verifyoldaccount/ValidateOldAccReqVO.java:36:	Parameter 'pPassword' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/verifyoldaccount/ValidateOldAccReqVO.java:48:	Parameter 'pUserToken' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/verifyoldaccount/ValidateOldAccReqVO.java:60:	Parameter 'pEmail' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/verifyoldaccount/ValidateOldAccReqVO.java:73:	Parameter 'pSiteFlag' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/verifyoldaccount/ValidateOldAccResVO.java:16:	A getX() method which returns a boolean should be named isX()
src/com/bbb/account/verifyoldaccount/ValidateOldAccResVO.java:28:	Parameter 'pStatus' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/verifyoldaccount/ValidateOldAccResVO.java:34:	Parameter 'pIsValid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/CouponListVo.java:19:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mCouponsDescription
src/com/bbb/account/vo/CouponListVo.java:21:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mCouponsExclusions
src/com/bbb/account/vo/CouponListVo.java:39:	Parameter 'pEntryCd' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/CouponListVo.java:55:	Parameter 'pDescription' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/CouponListVo.java:83:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pCouponsDescription
src/com/bbb/account/vo/CouponListVo.java:83:	Parameter 'pCouponsDescription' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/CouponListVo.java:90:	Parameter 'pCouponsImageUrl' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/CouponListVo.java:97:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pCouponsExclusions
src/com/bbb/account/vo/CouponListVo.java:97:	Parameter 'pCouponsExclusions' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/CouponListVo.java:101:	Avoid variables with short names like pB
src/com/bbb/account/vo/CouponListVo.java:101:	Parameter 'pB' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/CouponListVo.java:109:	A getX() method which returns a boolean should be named isX()
src/com/bbb/account/vo/CouponListVo.java:123:	Parameter 'promoItem' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/CouponListVo.java:140:	Parameter 'pPromoId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/CouponRequestVo.java:26:	Parameter 'mServiceName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/CouponRequestVo.java:42:	Parameter 'pUserToken' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/CouponRequestVo.java:58:	Parameter 'pSiteFlag' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/CouponRequestVo.java:74:	Parameter 'pEmailAddr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/CouponRequestVo.java:90:	Parameter 'pMobilePhone' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/CouponResponseVo.java:28:	Parameter 'pErrorStatus' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/CouponResponseVo.java:44:	Parameter 'pCouponList' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/OrderTrackingRequestVO.java:40:	Parameter 'pUserToken' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/OrderTrackingRequestVO.java:52:	Parameter 'pSiteFlag' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/OrderTrackingRequestVO.java:64:	Parameter 'pOrderNumber' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/OrderTrackingRequestVO.java:76:	Parameter 'pEmailAddress' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/OrderTrackingRequestVO.java:88:	Parameter 'mServiceName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/OrderTrackingResponseVO.java:34:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mCustomerFirstName
src/com/bbb/account/vo/OrderTrackingResponseVO.java:38:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mTotalTrackingLinks
src/com/bbb/account/vo/OrderTrackingResponseVO.java:48:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pCustomerFirstName
src/com/bbb/account/vo/OrderTrackingResponseVO.java:48:	Parameter 'pCustomerFirstName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/OrderTrackingResponseVO.java:60:	Parameter 'pCustomerLastName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/OrderTrackingResponseVO.java:72:	Parameter 'pOrderStatus' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/OrderTrackingResponseVO.java:84:	Parameter 'pStatusDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/OrderTrackingResponseVO.java:96:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pTotalTrackingLinks
src/com/bbb/account/vo/OrderTrackingResponseVO.java:96:	Parameter 'pTotalTrackingLinks' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/OrderTrackingResponseVO.java:108:	Parameter 'pTrackingLinks' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/OrderTrackingResponseVO.java:120:	Parameter 'pOrderNumber' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/OrderTrackingResponseVO.java:145:	Parameter 'pErrorStatus' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/TrackingLinkVO.java:35:	Parameter 'pCarrierName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/TrackingLinkVO.java:47:	Parameter 'pTrackingNum' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/TrackingLinkVO.java:59:	Parameter 'pTrackingURL' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/Address.java:50:	Parameter 'firstNm' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/Address.java:64:	Parameter 'midNm' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/Address.java:78:	Parameter 'lastNm' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/Address.java:92:	Parameter 'addr1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/Address.java:106:	Parameter 'addr2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/Address.java:120:	Parameter 'company' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/Address.java:134:	Parameter 'city' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/Address.java:148:	Parameter 'state' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/Address.java:162:	Parameter 'zip' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/Address.java:176:	Parameter 'dayPhone' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/Address.java:190:	Parameter 'evePhone' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/Billing.java:34:	Field isPreferred has the same name as a method
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/Billing.java:40:	Field isSelected has the same name as a method
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/Billing.java:52:	Parameter 'address' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/Billing.java:66:	Parameter 'addressNm' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/Billing.java:80:	Parameter 'addressID' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/Billing.java:94:	Parameter 'pymtID' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/Billing.java:108:	Parameter 'addToAcct' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/Billing.java:122:	Parameter 'promoEMailFlag' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/Billing.java:136:	Parameter 'billToFlag' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/Billing.java:150:	Parameter 'emailAddr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/Billing.java:164:	Parameter 'isPreferred' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/Billing.java:178:	Parameter 'mobPhone' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/Billing.java:192:	Parameter 'mobileOptinFlag' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/Billing.java:206:	Parameter 'isSelected' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/CartDetailInfo.java:14:	Too many fields
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/CartDetailInfo.java:20:	Field isVDSInCart has the same name as a method
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/CartDetailInfo.java:22:	Field isRegistryInCart has the same name as a method
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/CartDetailInfo.java:24:	Avoid excessively long variable names like isSingleRegistryInCart
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/CartDetailInfo.java:24:	Field isSingleRegistryInCart has the same name as a method
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/CartDetailInfo.java:26:	Field isBTSInCart has the same name as a method
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/CartDetailInfo.java:28:	Avoid excessively long variable names like isGiftCertOnlyInCart
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/CartDetailInfo.java:28:	Field isGiftCertOnlyInCart has the same name as a method
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/CartDetailInfo.java:30:	Field isGiftInCart has the same name as a method
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/CartDetailInfo.java:32:	Avoid excessively long variable names like isItemStdFreeShipInCart
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/CartDetailInfo.java:32:	Field isItemStdFreeShipInCart has the same name as a method
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/CartDetailInfo.java:34:	Avoid excessively long variable names like isItemExpedFreeShipInCart
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/CartDetailInfo.java:34:	Field isItemExpedFreeShipInCart has the same name as a method
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/CartDetailInfo.java:36:	Avoid excessively long variable names like isItemExprFreeShipInCart
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/CartDetailInfo.java:36:	Field isItemExprFreeShipInCart has the same name as a method
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/CartDetailInfo.java:40:	Avoid excessively long variable names like productSubtotalAmt
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/CartDetailInfo.java:48:	Avoid excessively long variable names like combinedRegistrantNames
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/CartDetailInfo.java:50:	Avoid excessively long variable names like cartItemDetailList
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/CartDetailInfo.java:62:	Parameter 'isVDSInCart' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/CartDetailInfo.java:76:	Parameter 'isRegistryInCart' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/CartDetailInfo.java:90:	Avoid excessively long variable names like isSingleRegistryInCart
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/CartDetailInfo.java:90:	Parameter 'isSingleRegistryInCart' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/CartDetailInfo.java:104:	Parameter 'isBTSInCart' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/CartDetailInfo.java:118:	Avoid excessively long variable names like isGiftCertOnlyInCart
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/CartDetailInfo.java:118:	Parameter 'isGiftCertOnlyInCart' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/CartDetailInfo.java:132:	Parameter 'isGiftInCart' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/CartDetailInfo.java:146:	Avoid excessively long variable names like isItemStdFreeShipInCart
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/CartDetailInfo.java:146:	Parameter 'isItemStdFreeShipInCart' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/CartDetailInfo.java:160:	Avoid excessively long variable names like isItemExpedFreeShipInCart
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/CartDetailInfo.java:160:	Parameter 'isItemExpedFreeShipInCart' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/CartDetailInfo.java:174:	Avoid excessively long variable names like isItemExprFreeShipInCart
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/CartDetailInfo.java:174:	Parameter 'isItemExprFreeShipInCart' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/CartDetailInfo.java:188:	Parameter 'uniqueRegistryNum' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/CartDetailInfo.java:202:	Avoid excessively long variable names like productSubtotalAmt
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/CartDetailInfo.java:202:	Parameter 'productSubtotalAmt' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/CartDetailInfo.java:216:	Parameter 'totalAmt' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/CartDetailInfo.java:230:	Parameter 'registrantName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/CartDetailInfo.java:244:	Parameter 'coRegistrantName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/CartDetailInfo.java:258:	Avoid excessively long variable names like combinedRegistrantNames
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/CartDetailInfo.java:258:	Parameter 'combinedRegistrantNames' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/CartDetailInfo.java:272:	Avoid excessively long variable names like cartItemDetailList
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/CartDetailInfo.java:272:	Parameter 'cartItemDetailList' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/CartItemDetailInfo.java:1:	This class has a bunch of public methods and attributes
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/CartItemDetailInfo.java:12:	Too many fields
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/CartItemDetailInfo.java:20:	Field isVDS has the same name as a method
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/CartItemDetailInfo.java:22:	Field isProductSKU has the same name as a method
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/CartItemDetailInfo.java:24:	Field isGiftCert has the same name as a method
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/CartItemDetailInfo.java:26:	Field isCoupon has the same name as a method
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/CartItemDetailInfo.java:28:	Field isStockAdequate has the same name as a method
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/CartItemDetailInfo.java:30:	Avoid excessively long variable names like isGiftWrapExcluded
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/CartItemDetailInfo.java:30:	Field isGiftWrapExcluded has the same name as a method
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/CartItemDetailInfo.java:32:	Field isProp65Item has the same name as a method
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/CartItemDetailInfo.java:86:	Avoid excessively long variable names like forceBelowLineFlag
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/CartItemDetailInfo.java:88:	Avoid excessively long variable names like availForSaleIgrFlag
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/CartItemDetailInfo.java:100:	Field isDisplayable has the same name as a method
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/CartItemDetailInfo.java:114:	Parameter 'airShipExcluded' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/CartItemDetailInfo.java:128:	Parameter 'isVDS' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/CartItemDetailInfo.java:142:	Parameter 'isProductSKU' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/CartItemDetailInfo.java:156:	Parameter 'isGiftCert' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/CartItemDetailInfo.java:170:	Parameter 'isCoupon' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/CartItemDetailInfo.java:184:	Parameter 'isStockAdequate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/CartItemDetailInfo.java:198:	Avoid excessively long variable names like isGiftWrapExcluded
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/CartItemDetailInfo.java:198:	Parameter 'isGiftWrapExcluded' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/CartItemDetailInfo.java:212:	Parameter 'isProp65Item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/CartItemDetailInfo.java:226:	Parameter 'orderQty' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/CartItemDetailInfo.java:240:	Parameter 'jDADeptID' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/CartItemDetailInfo.java:254:	Parameter 'availForSaleQty' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/CartItemDetailInfo.java:268:	Parameter 'orderShipItemID' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/CartItemDetailInfo.java:282:	Parameter 'registryID' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/CartItemDetailInfo.java:296:	Parameter 'vendorID' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/CartItemDetailInfo.java:310:	Parameter 'unitCost' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/CartItemDetailInfo.java:324:	Parameter 'extPrice' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/CartItemDetailInfo.java:338:	Parameter 'discountAmt' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/CartItemDetailInfo.java:352:	Parameter 'shipUpchargeAmt' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/CartItemDetailInfo.java:366:	Parameter 'taxAmt' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/CartItemDetailInfo.java:380:	Parameter 'sKU' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/CartItemDetailInfo.java:394:	Parameter 'registrantNm' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/CartItemDetailInfo.java:408:	Parameter 'coRegistrantNm' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/CartItemDetailInfo.java:422:	Parameter 'giftWrapFlag' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/CartItemDetailInfo.java:436:	Parameter 'itemTypeCd' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/CartItemDetailInfo.java:450:	Parameter 'eligibleFlag' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/CartItemDetailInfo.java:464:	Parameter 'couponAppliedFlag' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/CartItemDetailInfo.java:478:	Parameter 'freeShipFlag' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/CartItemDetailInfo.java:492:	Parameter 'itemAttribs' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/CartItemDetailInfo.java:506:	Parameter 'itemDesc' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/CartItemDetailInfo.java:520:	Parameter 'color' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/CartItemDetailInfo.java:534:	Parameter 'webOfferedFlag' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/CartItemDetailInfo.java:548:	Parameter 'disableFlag' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/CartItemDetailInfo.java:562:	Parameter 'ovrWtFlag' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/CartItemDetailInfo.java:576:	Parameter 'ovrSizeFlag' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/CartItemDetailInfo.java:590:	Avoid excessively long variable names like forceBelowLineFlag
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/CartItemDetailInfo.java:590:	Parameter 'forceBelowLineFlag' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/CartItemDetailInfo.java:604:	Avoid excessively long variable names like availForSaleIgrFlag
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/CartItemDetailInfo.java:604:	Parameter 'availForSaleIgrFlag' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/CartItemDetailInfo.java:618:	Parameter 'sKUTypeCd' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/CartItemDetailInfo.java:632:	Parameter 'prodCD' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/CartItemDetailInfo.java:646:	Parameter 'reasonCd' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/CartItemDetailInfo.java:660:	Parameter 'promoCd' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/CartItemDetailInfo.java:674:	Parameter 'photoURL' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/CartItemDetailInfo.java:688:	Parameter 'isDisplayable' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/CartItemDetailInfo.java:702:	Parameter 'itemAttribsStr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/CreditCard.java:38:	Parameter 'debitAmt' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/CreditCard.java:52:	Parameter 'cardNum' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/CreditCard.java:66:	Parameter 'expMo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/CreditCard.java:80:	Parameter 'expYr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/CreditCard.java:94:	Parameter 'cardType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/GetOrderHistoryResVO.java:30:	Parameter 'pOrderList' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/GetOrderHistoryResVO.java:42:	Parameter 'pErrorStatus' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/GiftCard.java:40:	Parameter 'balance' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/GiftCard.java:54:	Parameter 'debitAmt' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/GiftCard.java:68:	Parameter 'cardNum' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/GiftCard.java:82:	Parameter 'pin' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/GiftCard.java:96:	Parameter 'responseCode' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/GiftCard.java:110:	Parameter 'responseComment' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/GiftPackaging.java:19:	Avoid excessively long variable names like isGiftPackagingAvailable
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/GiftPackaging.java:19:	Field isGiftPackagingAvailable has the same name as a method
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/GiftPackaging.java:25:	Avoid excessively long variable names like giftPackagingOption
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/GiftPackaging.java:27:	Avoid excessively long variable names like giftPackagingInfoText
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/GiftPackaging.java:29:	Avoid excessively long variable names like giftPackagingWarning
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/GiftPackaging.java:41:	Avoid excessively long variable names like isGiftPackagingAvailable
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/GiftPackaging.java:41:	Parameter 'isGiftPackagingAvailable' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/GiftPackaging.java:55:	Parameter 'giftMessage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/GiftPackaging.java:69:	Parameter 'giftPackagingFlag' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/GiftPackaging.java:83:	Avoid excessively long variable names like giftPackagingOption
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/GiftPackaging.java:83:	Parameter 'giftPackagingOption' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/GiftPackaging.java:97:	Avoid excessively long variable names like giftPackagingInfoText
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/GiftPackaging.java:97:	Parameter 'giftPackagingInfoText' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/GiftPackaging.java:111:	Avoid excessively long variable names like giftPackagingWarning
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/GiftPackaging.java:111:	Parameter 'giftPackagingWarning' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/OrderDetailInfoReturn.java:46:	Parameter 'status' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/OrderDetailInfoReturn.java:60:	Parameter 'billing' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/OrderDetailInfoReturn.java:74:	Parameter 'shipping' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/OrderDetailInfoReturn.java:88:	Parameter 'payments' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/OrderDetailInfoReturn.java:102:	Parameter 'giftPackaging' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/OrderDetailInfoReturn.java:116:	Parameter 'orderInfo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/OrderDetailInfoReturn.java:130:	Parameter 'shipments' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/OrderDetailsReqVO.java:38:	Parameter 'pUserToken' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/OrderDetailsReqVO.java:50:	Parameter 'pSiteFlag' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/OrderDetailsReqVO.java:63:	Parameter 'pServiceName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/OrderDetailsReqVO.java:75:	Parameter 'orderID' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/OrderDetailsReqVO.java:87:	Parameter 'pProfileId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/OrderHeaderInfo.java:1:	This class has a bunch of public methods and attributes
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/OrderHeaderInfo.java:13:	Too many fields
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/OrderHeaderInfo.java:23:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shipSurchargeTotalAmt
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/OrderHeaderInfo.java:79:	Parameter 'cybsAuthAttempts' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/OrderHeaderInfo.java:93:	Parameter 'mbrID' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/OrderHeaderInfo.java:107:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shipSurchargeTotalAmt
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/OrderHeaderInfo.java:107:	Parameter 'shipSurchargeTotalAmt' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/OrderHeaderInfo.java:121:	Parameter 'shipAmt' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/OrderHeaderInfo.java:135:	Parameter 'giftPkgAmt' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/OrderHeaderInfo.java:149:	Parameter 'taxAmt' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/OrderHeaderInfo.java:163:	Parameter 'stateTax' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/OrderHeaderInfo.java:177:	Parameter 'countyTax' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/OrderHeaderInfo.java:191:	Parameter 'countyTaxLbl' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/OrderHeaderInfo.java:205:	Parameter 'subTotalAmt' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/OrderHeaderInfo.java:219:	Parameter 'totalAmt' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/OrderHeaderInfo.java:233:	Parameter 'originCd' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/OrderHeaderInfo.java:247:	Parameter 'cybsTaxFlag' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/OrderHeaderInfo.java:261:	Parameter 'orderDt' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/OrderHeaderInfo.java:275:	Parameter 'couponCd' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/OrderHeaderInfo.java:289:	Parameter 'shipMethodCD' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/OrderHeaderInfo.java:303:	Parameter 'shipMethod' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/OrderHeaderInfo.java:317:	Parameter 'promoEmailFlag' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/OrderHeaderInfo.java:331:	Parameter 'partnerCD' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/OrderHeaderInfo.java:345:	Parameter 'shippingPromoCD' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/OrderHeaderInfo.java:359:	Parameter 'giftPkgPromoCD' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/OrderHeaderInfo.java:373:	Parameter 'orderStatus' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/OrderHeaderInfo.java:387:	Parameter 'statusDt' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/OrderHeaderInfo.java:401:	Parameter 'emailAddr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/OrderHeaderInfo.java:415:	Parameter 'taxMessage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/OrderHistoryReqVO.java:32:	Parameter 'pMbrNum' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/OrderHistoryReqVO.java:46:	Parameter 'pUserToken' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/OrderHistoryReqVO.java:58:	Parameter 'pSiteFlag' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/OrderHistoryReqVO.java:70:	Parameter 'pMemberID' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/OrderHistoryReqVO.java:82:	Parameter 'pProfileId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/OrderHistoryReqVO.java:94:	Parameter 'pServiceName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/OrderHistoryResVO.java:7:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.commerce.inventory.vo.InventoryVO'
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/OrderHistoryResVO.java:7:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.commerce.inventory.vo.InventoryVO'
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/OrderHistoryResVO.java:31:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mOnlineOrderNumber
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/OrderHistoryResVO.java:36:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mShipmentDesciption
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/OrderHistoryResVO.java:42:	Parameter 'pO1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/OrderHistoryResVO.java:50:	Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/OrderHistoryResVO.java:60:	Local variable 'pO1' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/OrderHistoryResVO.java:77:	Parameter 'pOrderNumber' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/OrderHistoryResVO.java:89:	Parameter 'onlineOrderNumber' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/OrderHistoryResVO.java:101:	Parameter 'bopusOrderNumber' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/OrderHistoryResVO.java:117:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/OrderHistoryResVO.java:120:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/OrderHistoryResVO.java:132:	Parameter 'pOrderStatus' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/OrderHistoryResVO.java:144:	Parameter 'pShipmentStatus' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/OrderHistoryResVO.java:156:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pShipmentDesciption
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/OrderHistoryResVO.java:156:	Parameter 'pShipmentDesciption' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/OrderHistoryResVO.java:168:	Parameter 'pShipment' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/OrderHistoryResVO.java:182:	Parameter 'orderType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/OrderInfo.java:33:	Parameter 'orderHeaderInfo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/OrderInfo.java:47:	Parameter 'cartDetailInfo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/Payments.java:33:	Parameter 'creditCard' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/Payments.java:47:	Parameter 'giftCards' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/Shipment.java:36:	Parameter 'carrier' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/Shipment.java:50:	Parameter 'trackingNumber' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/Shipment.java:64:	Parameter 'shippingDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/Shipment.java:78:	Parameter 'deliveryDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/ShipmentTrackingInfoVO.java:21:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mVendorTrackingURL
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/ShipmentTrackingInfoVO.java:36:	Parameter 'pTrackingNumber' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/ShipmentTrackingInfoVO.java:48:	Parameter 'pCarrier' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/ShipmentTrackingInfoVO.java:60:	Parameter 'pShippingDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/ShipmentTrackingInfoVO.java:72:	Parameter 'pDeliveryDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/ShipmentTrackingInfoVO.java:84:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pVendorTrackingURL
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/ShipmentTrackingInfoVO.java:84:	Parameter 'pVendorTrackingURL' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/ShipmentTrackingInfoVO.java:96:	Parameter 'pVendorImageURL' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/ShipmentTrackingInfoVO.java:108:	Parameter 'pCarrierCode' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/Shipping.java:41:	Field isPreferred has the same name as a method
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/Shipping.java:43:	Field isSelected has the same name as a method
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/Shipping.java:55:	Parameter 'address' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/Shipping.java:69:	Parameter 'addressNm' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/Shipping.java:83:	Parameter 'addressID' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/Shipping.java:97:	Parameter 'orderShipmentID' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/Shipping.java:111:	Parameter 'addToAcct' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/Shipping.java:125:	Parameter 'shipMethodPrice' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/Shipping.java:139:	Parameter 'shipToFlag' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/Shipping.java:153:	Parameter 'shipDt' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/Shipping.java:167:	Parameter 'deliveryDt' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/Shipping.java:181:	Parameter 'showFlag' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/Shipping.java:195:	Parameter 'shipMethodCD' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/Shipping.java:209:	Parameter 'isPreferred' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/order/Shipping.java:223:	Parameter 'isSelected' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/profile/ObjectFactory.java:36:	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/com/bbb/account/vo/profile/ObjectFactory.java:36:	Document empty constructor
src/com/bbb/account/vo/profile/ProfileDetail.java:108:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/profile/ProfileDetail.java:132:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/profile/ProfileDetail.java:156:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/profile/ProfileDetail.java:180:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/profile/ProfileDetail.java:204:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/profile/ProfileDetail.java:228:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/profile/ProfileDetail.java:252:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/profile/ProfileDetail.java:276:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/profile/ProfileDetail.java:300:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/profile/ProfileDetail.java:324:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/profile/ProfileDetail.java:348:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/profile/RegistrationEmailRequestVO.java:146:	Parameter 'phone1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/profile/RegistrationEmailRequestVO.java:160:	Parameter 'phone2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/profile/RegistrationEmailRequestVO.java:174:	Parameter 'optin' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/profile/RegistrationEmailRequestVO.java:188:	Parameter 'profileId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/profile/RegistrationEmailRequestVO.java:202:	Parameter 'shareAccount' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/profile/UserProfile.java:67:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/reclaim/ForgetPasswordReqVO.java:38:	Parameter 'pUserToken' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/reclaim/ForgetPasswordReqVO.java:50:	Parameter 'pSiteFlag' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/reclaim/ForgetPasswordReqVO.java:62:	Parameter 'pEmailAddress' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/reclaim/ForgetPasswordReqVO.java:74:	Parameter 'pServiceName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/reclaim/ForgetPasswordResponseVO.java:36:	Parameter 'pErrorStatus' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/reclaim/ForgetPasswordResponseVO.java:50:	Parameter 'pMemberToken' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/reclaim/GetAccountInfoReqVO.java:38:	Parameter 'pPassword' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/reclaim/GetAccountInfoReqVO.java:52:	Parameter 'pUserToken' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/reclaim/GetAccountInfoReqVO.java:64:	Parameter 'pSiteFlag' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/reclaim/GetAccountInfoReqVO.java:76:	Parameter 'pEmailAddress' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/reclaim/GetAccountInfoReqVO.java:88:	Parameter 'mServiceName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/reclaim/GetAccountInfoResponseVO.java:42:	Parameter 'pErrorStatus' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/reclaim/GetAccountInfoResponseVO.java:55:	Parameter 'pMemberToken' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/reclaim/GetAccountInfoResponseVO.java:67:	Parameter 'pMemberId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/reclaim/GetAccountInfoResponseVO.java:79:	Parameter 'pFirstName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/reclaim/GetAccountInfoResponseVO.java:91:	Parameter 'pLastName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/reclaim/GetAccountInfoResponseVO.java:103:	Parameter 'pDayPhone' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/reclaim/GetAccountInfoResponseVO.java:115:	Parameter 'pMobilePhone' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/reclaim/ReclaimAccountReqVO.java:37:	Parameter 'pProfileId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/reclaim/ReclaimAccountReqVO.java:50:	Parameter 'pMemberToken' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/reclaim/ReclaimAccountReqVO.java:62:	Parameter 'pUserToken' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/reclaim/ReclaimAccountReqVO.java:74:	Parameter 'pSiteFlag' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/reclaim/ReclaimAccountReqVO.java:87:	Parameter 'mServiceName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/reclaim/ReclaimAccountResponseVO.java:35:	Parameter 'pErrorStatus' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/reclaim/VerifyAccountReqVO.java:36:	Parameter 'pUserToken' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/reclaim/VerifyAccountReqVO.java:48:	Parameter 'pSiteFlag' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/reclaim/VerifyAccountReqVO.java:60:	Parameter 'pEmailAddress' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/reclaim/VerifyAccountReqVO.java:72:	Parameter 'mServiceName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/vo/reclaim/VerifyAccountResponseVO.java:34:	Parameter 'pErrorStatus' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/CertonaConfig.java:4:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.List'
src/com/bbb/certona/CertonaConfig.java:4:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.List'
src/com/bbb/certona/CertonaConfig.java:80:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaCategoryVO.java:17:	Field isActive has the same name as a method
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaCategoryVO.java:27:	Parameter 'subCatIds' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaCategoryVO.java:39:	Parameter 'assocSites' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaCategoryVO.java:51:	Parameter 'nodeType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaCategoryVO.java:64:	Parameter 'thumbNailPath' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaCategoryVO.java:76:	Parameter 'shortDesc' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaCategoryVO.java:88:	Parameter 'longDesc' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaCategoryVO.java:100:	Parameter 'isActive' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaCategoryVO.java:112:	Parameter 'creationDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaGiftRegistryVO.java:19:	Parameter 'registryId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaGiftRegistryVO.java:31:	Parameter 'siteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaGiftRegistryVO.java:43:	Parameter 'eventType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaGiftRegistryVO.java:55:	Parameter 'eventDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaInventoryVO.java:12:	Avoid excessively long variable names like registryStockBBBUS
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaInventoryVO.java:14:	Avoid excessively long variable names like registryStockBBBCA
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaInventoryVO.java:16:	Avoid excessively long variable names like registryStockBuyBuyBaby
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaInventoryVO.java:28:	Parameter 'skuId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaInventoryVO.java:42:	Parameter 'stockBBBUS' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaInventoryVO.java:56:	Parameter 'stockBBBCA' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaInventoryVO.java:70:	Parameter 'stockBuyBuyBaby' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaInventoryVO.java:84:	Avoid excessively long variable names like registryStockBBBUS
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaInventoryVO.java:84:	Parameter 'registryStockBBBUS' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaInventoryVO.java:98:	Avoid excessively long variable names like registryStockBBBCA
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaInventoryVO.java:98:	Parameter 'registryStockBBBCA' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaInventoryVO.java:112:	Avoid excessively long variable names like registryStockBuyBuyBaby
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaInventoryVO.java:112:	Parameter 'registryStockBuyBuyBaby' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaProductVO.java:12:	The class 'CertonaProductVO' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 1 (Highest = 11).
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaProductVO.java:12:	Too many fields
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaProductVO.java:29:	Avoid excessively long variable names like averageOverallRating
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaProductVO.java:40:	Parameter 'totalReviewCount' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaProductVO.java:52:	Avoid excessively long variable names like averageOverallRating
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaProductVO.java:52:	Parameter 'averageOverallRating' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaProductVO.java:55:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'collChildPrdt' (lines '55'-'84').
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaProductVO.java:55:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'key' (lines '55'-'66').
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaProductVO.java:55:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'skuId' (lines '55'-'76').
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaProductVO.java:55:	The method 'toString' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaProductVO.java:56:	Local variable 'toString' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaProductVO.java:56:	StringBuffer constructor is initialized with size 16, but has at least 161 characters appended.
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaProductVO.java:57:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaProductVO.java:57:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaProductVO.java:58:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaProductVO.java:58:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaProductVO.java:59:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaProductVO.java:59:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaProductVO.java:60:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaProductVO.java:60:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaProductVO.java:61:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaProductVO.java:61:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaProductVO.java:62:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaProductVO.java:63:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaProductVO.java:64:	Local variable 'keySet' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaProductVO.java:65:	Local variable 'key' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaProductVO.java:66:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaProductVO.java:71:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaProductVO.java:73:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaProductVO.java:74:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaProductVO.java:75:	Local variable 'skuId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaProductVO.java:80:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaProductVO.java:83:	Local variable 'collChildPrdt' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaProductVO.java:84:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaProductVO.java:149:	Parameter 'enableDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaProductVO.java:215:	A getX() method which returns a boolean should be named isX()
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaProfileSiteVO.java:17:	Parameter 'memberId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaProfileSiteVO.java:29:	Parameter 'storeId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaProfileSiteVO.java:41:	Parameter 'siteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaProfileVO.java:20:	Avoid excessively long variable names like giftRegistryVOList
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaProfileVO.java:22:	Avoid excessively long variable names like isFacebookIntegrated
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaProfileVO.java:22:	Field isFacebookIntegrated has the same name as a method
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaProfileVO.java:34:	Parameter 'userId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaProfileVO.java:48:	Parameter 'userFirstName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaProfileVO.java:62:	Parameter 'userLastName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaProfileVO.java:76:	Parameter 'userType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaProfileVO.java:90:	Parameter 'locale' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaProfileVO.java:104:	Parameter 'lastActivity' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaProfileVO.java:118:	Parameter 'registrationDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaProfileVO.java:132:	Parameter 'emailAddress' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaProfileVO.java:146:	Parameter 'mobileNumber' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaProfileVO.java:160:	Parameter 'phoneNumber' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaProfileVO.java:174:	Parameter 'gender' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaProfileVO.java:188:	Parameter 'dateOfBirth' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaProfileVO.java:202:	Avoid excessively long variable names like isFacebookIntegrated
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaProfileVO.java:202:	Parameter 'isFacebookIntegrated' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaProfileVO.java:216:	Avoid excessively long variable names like giftRegistryVOList
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaProfileVO.java:216:	Parameter 'giftRegistryVOList' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaProfileVO.java:230:	Parameter 'profileSiteVOList' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaReqParameterVO.java:18:	Parameter 'certonaAppId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaReqParameterVO.java:24:	Parameter 'itemId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaReqParameterVO.java:30:	Parameter 'pageId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaReqParameterVO.java:36:	Parameter 'customerId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaReqParameterVO.java:43:	Parameter 'registryName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaReqParameterVO.java:49:	Parameter 'transactionId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaReqParameterVO.java:55:	Parameter 'quantity' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaReqParameterVO.java:61:	Parameter 'price' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaRequestVO.java:38:	Parameter 'siteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaRequestVO.java:47:	Parameter 'serviceType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaResonanceItemVO.java:23:	Avoid excessively long variable names like skuParentProductMap
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaResonanceItemVO.java:65:	Avoid excessively long variable names like skuParentProductMap
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaResponseVO.java:61:	Parameter 'resonanceMap' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaResponseVO.java:69:	Parameter 'resxLinks' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaSKUVO.java:1:	This class has a bunch of public methods and attributes
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaSKUVO.java:8:	Too many fields
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaSKUVO.java:14:	Field isGiftCertsku has the same name as a method
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaSKUVO.java:41:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'key' (lines '41'-'71').
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaSKUVO.java:43:	Local variable 'toString' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaSKUVO.java:43:	StringBuffer constructor is initialized with size 16, but has at least 524 characters appended.
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaSKUVO.java:44:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaSKUVO.java:44:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaSKUVO.java:45:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaSKUVO.java:46:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaSKUVO.java:47:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaSKUVO.java:48:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaSKUVO.java:49:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaSKUVO.java:50:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaSKUVO.java:51:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaSKUVO.java:52:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaSKUVO.java:53:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaSKUVO.java:54:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 4 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaSKUVO.java:55:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaSKUVO.java:56:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaSKUVO.java:57:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaSKUVO.java:58:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaSKUVO.java:58:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 4 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaSKUVO.java:59:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaSKUVO.java:60:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaSKUVO.java:61:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaSKUVO.java:62:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaSKUVO.java:63:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaSKUVO.java:64:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaSKUVO.java:65:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaSKUVO.java:67:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaSKUVO.java:68:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaSKUVO.java:68:	Avoid concatenating nonliterals in a StringBuffer/StringBuilder constructor or append().
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaSKUVO.java:69:	Local variable 'keySet' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaSKUVO.java:70:	Local variable 'key' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaSKUVO.java:71:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaSKUVO.java:71:	Avoid concatenating nonliterals in a StringBuffer/StringBuilder constructor or append().
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaSKUVO.java:73:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaSKUVO.java:77:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaSKUVO.java:77:	Avoid concatenating nonliterals in a StringBuffer/StringBuilder constructor or append().
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaSKUVO.java:84:	Parameter 'onsale' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaSKUVO.java:90:	Parameter 'collegeId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaSKUVO.java:96:	Parameter 'emailOutOfStock' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaSKUVO.java:102:	Parameter 'giftWrapEligible' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaSKUVO.java:108:	Parameter 'bopusExclusion' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaSKUVO.java:114:	Parameter 'skuTaxStatus' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaSKUVO.java:127:	Parameter 'pSkuId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaSKUVO.java:139:	Parameter 'pCreationDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaSKUVO.java:148:	Parameter 'skuEnableDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaSKUVO.java:160:	Parameter 'pSkuType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaSKUVO.java:172:	Parameter 'pIsGiftCertsku' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaSKUVO.java:184:	Parameter 'pSmallImageURL' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaSKUVO.java:196:	Parameter 'pMediumImageURL' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaSKUVO.java:208:	Parameter 'pLargeImageURL' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaSKUVO.java:220:	Parameter 'pSwatchImageURL' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaSKUVO.java:232:	Parameter 'pThumbNailImage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaSKUVO.java:244:	Parameter 'pZoomImageURL' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaSKUVO.java:256:	Parameter 'pZoomIndex' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaSKUVO.java:268:	Parameter 'pJdaDept' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaSKUVO.java:280:	Parameter 'pJdaSubDept' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaSKUVO.java:292:	Parameter 'pJdaClass' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaSKUVO.java:304:	Parameter 'pColor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaSKUVO.java:316:	Parameter 'pColorGroup' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaSKUVO.java:328:	Parameter 'pSize' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaSKUVO.java:340:	Parameter 'pVdcSkuMessage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaSKUVO.java:352:	Parameter 'pVdcSkuType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaSKUVO.java:364:	Parameter 'pUpc' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaSKUVO.java:376:	Parameter 'pEComFulfillment' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaSKUVO.java:388:	Parameter 'pVendorId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaSKUVO.java:400:	Parameter 'pProp65Flags' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CertonaSKUVO.java:412:	Parameter 'pSiteSKUAttrMap' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CollectionChildProductAttr.java:17:	Parameter 'childProductId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CollectionChildProductAttr.java:29:	Parameter 'childRollUpType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CollectionChildProductAttr.java:35:	A getX() method which returns a boolean should be named isX()
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CollectionChildProductAttr.java:41:	Parameter 'likeUnlike' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CollectionChildProductAttr.java:46:	Local variable 'toString' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CollectionChildProductAttr.java:46:	StringBuffer constructor is initialized with size 16, but has at least 69 characters appended.
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CollectionChildProductAttr.java:47:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/CollectionChildProductAttr.java:48:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/Prop65TypeVO.java:17:	Parameter 'pProp65Lighting' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/Prop65TypeVO.java:29:	Parameter 'pProp65Crystal' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/Prop65TypeVO.java:41:	Parameter 'pProp65Dinnerware' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/Prop65TypeVO.java:53:	Parameter 'pProp65Other' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/RebatesDetails.java:15:	Avoid excessively long variable names like rebateRepositoryItem
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/RebatesDetails.java:15:	Private field 'rebateRepositoryItem' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/RebatesDetails.java:17:	Avoid excessively long variable names like rebateRepositoryItem
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/RebatesDetails.java:17:	Parameter 'rebateRepositoryItem' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/RebatesDetails.java:24:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/RebatesDetails.java:33:	Parameter 'pRebateId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/RebatesDetails.java:40:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/RebatesDetails.java:50:	Parameter 'pRebateDescrip' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/RebatesDetails.java:57:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/RebatesDetails.java:67:	Parameter 'pRebateURL' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/RebatesDetails.java:74:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/RebatesDetails.java:84:	Parameter 'pRebateStartDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/RebatesDetails.java:91:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/RebatesDetails.java:101:	Parameter 'pRebateEndDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/ShippingDetails.java:15:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shipMethodDescription
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/ShippingDetails.java:19:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shippingMethodRepsoitoryItem
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/ShippingDetails.java:19:	Private field 'shippingMethodRepsoitoryItem' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/ShippingDetails.java:20:	Private field 'siteId' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/ShippingDetails.java:21:	Private field 'catalogTools' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/ShippingDetails.java:27:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shippingMethodRepsoitoryItem
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/ShippingDetails.java:27:	Parameter 'catalogTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/ShippingDetails.java:27:	Parameter 'shippingMethodRepsoitoryItem' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/ShippingDetails.java:27:	Parameter 'siteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/ShippingDetails.java:36:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/ShippingDetails.java:45:	Parameter 'pShipMethodId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/ShippingDetails.java:52:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/ShippingDetails.java:62:	Parameter 'pShipMethodName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/ShippingDetails.java:69:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/ShippingDetails.java:79:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pShipMethodDescription
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/ShippingDetails.java:79:	Parameter 'pShipMethodDescription' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/ShippingDetails.java:86:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shippingDurationItem
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/ShippingDetails.java:86:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'shippingDurationItem' (lines '86'-'88').
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/ShippingDetails.java:89:	Avoid empty catch blocks
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/ShippingDetails.java:90:	Avoid empty catch blocks
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/ShippingDetails.java:92:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/ShippingDetails.java:102:	Parameter 'pMinDaysToShip' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/ShippingDetails.java:110:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shippingDurationItem
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/ShippingDetails.java:110:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'shippingDurationItem' (lines '110'-'112').
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/ShippingDetails.java:113:	Avoid empty catch blocks
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/ShippingDetails.java:114:	Avoid empty catch blocks
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/ShippingDetails.java:116:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/ShippingDetails.java:126:	Parameter 'pMaxDaysToShip' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/ShippingDetails.java:133:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shippingDurationItem
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/ShippingDetails.java:133:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'shippingDurationItem' (lines '133'-'135').
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/ShippingDetails.java:136:	Avoid empty catch blocks
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/ShippingDetails.java:137:	Avoid empty catch blocks
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/ShippingDetails.java:139:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/ShippingDetails.java:149:	Parameter 'pCutOffTime' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/SiteSpecificProductAttr.java:10:	Field isActiveProduct has the same name as a method
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/SiteSpecificProductAttr.java:14:	Avoid excessively long variable names like priceRangeDescription
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/SiteSpecificProductAttr.java:31:	Parameter 'enableDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/SiteSpecificProductAttr.java:37:	Local variable 'toString' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/SiteSpecificProductAttr.java:37:	StringBuffer constructor is initialized with size 16, but has at least 127 characters appended.
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/SiteSpecificProductAttr.java:38:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/SiteSpecificProductAttr.java:38:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/SiteSpecificProductAttr.java:41:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/SiteSpecificProductAttr.java:41:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/SiteSpecificProductAttr.java:44:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/SiteSpecificProductAttr.java:44:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/SiteSpecificProductAttr.java:45:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/SiteSpecificProductAttr.java:45:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/SiteSpecificProductAttr.java:46:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/SiteSpecificProductAttr.java:62:	Parameter 'weboffered' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/SiteSpecificProductAttr.java:74:	Parameter 'disable' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/SiteSpecificProductAttr.java:86:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/SiteSpecificProductAttr.java:98:	Parameter 'shortDescription' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/SiteSpecificProductAttr.java:110:	Parameter 'longDescription' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/SiteSpecificProductAttr.java:122:	Parameter 'isActiveProduct' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/SiteSpecificProductAttr.java:134:	Parameter 'skuLowPrice' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/SiteSpecificProductAttr.java:146:	Parameter 'skuHighPrice' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/SiteSpecificProductAttr.java:158:	Parameter 'collegeId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/SiteSpecificProductAttr.java:170:	Avoid excessively long variable names like priceRangeDescription
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/SiteSpecificProductAttr.java:170:	Parameter 'priceRangeDescription' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/SiteSpecificProductAttr.java:182:	Parameter 'siteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/SiteSpecificProductAttr.java:194:	Parameter 'tier' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/SiteSpecificSKUAttr.java:5:	The class 'SiteSpecificSKUAttr' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 1 (Highest = 10).
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/SiteSpecificSKUAttr.java:7:	Field isActiveSku has the same name as a method
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/SiteSpecificSKUAttr.java:17:	Avoid excessively long variable names like nonShippableStates
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/SiteSpecificSKUAttr.java:18:	Avoid excessively long variable names like eligibleShipMethods
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/SiteSpecificSKUAttr.java:32:	Parameter 'webOffered' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/SiteSpecificSKUAttr.java:44:	Parameter 'disabled' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/SiteSpecificSKUAttr.java:47:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'shipVo' (lines '47'-'60').
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/SiteSpecificSKUAttr.java:47:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'skuAttributesType' (lines '47'-'87').
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/SiteSpecificSKUAttr.java:47:	The method 'toString' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/SiteSpecificSKUAttr.java:49:	Local variable 'toString' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/SiteSpecificSKUAttr.java:49:	StringBuffer constructor is initialized with size 16, but has at least 206 characters appended.
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/SiteSpecificSKUAttr.java:50:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/SiteSpecificSKUAttr.java:50:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/SiteSpecificSKUAttr.java:50:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/SiteSpecificSKUAttr.java:50:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/SiteSpecificSKUAttr.java:51:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/SiteSpecificSKUAttr.java:51:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/SiteSpecificSKUAttr.java:52:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/SiteSpecificSKUAttr.java:53:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/SiteSpecificSKUAttr.java:54:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/SiteSpecificSKUAttr.java:55:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/SiteSpecificSKUAttr.java:56:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/SiteSpecificSKUAttr.java:58:	Avoid variables with short names like i
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/SiteSpecificSKUAttr.java:58:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'i' (lines '58'-'95').
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/SiteSpecificSKUAttr.java:59:	Local variable 'shipVo' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/SiteSpecificSKUAttr.java:60:	Avoid concatenating nonliterals in a StringBuffer/StringBuilder constructor or append().
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/SiteSpecificSKUAttr.java:67:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/SiteSpecificSKUAttr.java:69:	Avoid variables with short names like i
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/SiteSpecificSKUAttr.java:70:	Local variable 'shipVo' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/SiteSpecificSKUAttr.java:71:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/SiteSpecificSKUAttr.java:71:	Avoid concatenating nonliterals in a StringBuffer/StringBuilder constructor or append().
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/SiteSpecificSKUAttr.java:80:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/SiteSpecificSKUAttr.java:81:	Avoid variables with short names like i
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/SiteSpecificSKUAttr.java:82:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/SiteSpecificSKUAttr.java:83:	Local variable 'skuAttributesType' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/SiteSpecificSKUAttr.java:87:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/SiteSpecificSKUAttr.java:87:	Avoid concatenating nonliterals in a StringBuffer/StringBuilder constructor or append().
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/SiteSpecificSKUAttr.java:99:	Parameter 'skuAttributes' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/SiteSpecificSKUAttr.java:105:	Parameter 'skuRebates' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/SiteSpecificSKUAttr.java:111:	Avoid excessively long variable names like nonShippableStates
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/SiteSpecificSKUAttr.java:111:	Parameter 'nonShippableStates' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/SiteSpecificSKUAttr.java:117:	Avoid excessively long variable names like eligibleShipMethods
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/SiteSpecificSKUAttr.java:117:	Parameter 'eligibleShipMethods' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/SiteSpecificSKUAttr.java:123:	Parameter 'freeShipMethods' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/SiteSpecificSKUAttr.java:129:	Parameter 'displayName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/SiteSpecificSKUAttr.java:135:	Parameter 'isActiveSku' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/SiteSpecificSKUAttr.java:141:	Parameter 'description' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/SiteSpecificSKUAttr.java:147:	Parameter 'longDescription' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/SiteSpecificSKUAttr.java:153:	Parameter 'listPrice' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/SiteSpecificSKUAttr.java:159:	Parameter 'salePrice' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/SiteSpecificSKUAttr.java:165:	Parameter 'shippingSurcharge' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/SkuAttributesType.java:7:	Avoid excessively long variable names like attributeDisplayName
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/SkuAttributesType.java:8:	Avoid excessively long variable names like attributeStartDate
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/SkuAttributesType.java:16:	Local variable 'toString' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/SkuAttributesType.java:16:	StringBuffer constructor is initialized with size 41, but has at least 59 characters appended.
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/SkuAttributesType.java:17:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/SkuAttributesType.java:18:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/SkuAttributesType.java:18:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/SkuAttributesType.java:19:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/SkuAttributesType.java:19:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/SkuAttributesType.java:20:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/SkuAttributesType.java:20:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/SkuAttributesType.java:21:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/SkuAttributesType.java:21:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/SkuAttributesType.java:22:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/SkuAttributesType.java:39:	Parameter 'pAttributeId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/SkuAttributesType.java:51:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pAttributeDisplayName
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/SkuAttributesType.java:51:	Parameter 'pAttributeDisplayName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/SkuAttributesType.java:63:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pAttributeStartDate
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/SkuAttributesType.java:63:	Parameter 'pAttributeStartDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/SkuAttributesType.java:75:	Parameter 'pAttributeEndDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/SkuAttributesType.java:87:	Parameter 'pPlaceHolder' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/SkuAttributesType.java:99:	Parameter 'pPriority' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/SkuAttributesType.java:111:	Parameter 'pAttrImageURL' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/SkuAttributesType.java:123:	Parameter 'pAttrActionURL' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/StatesDetails.java:3:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.commerce.catalog.BBBCatalogConstants'
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/StatesDetails.java:3:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.commerce.catalog.BBBCatalogConstants'
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/StatesDetails.java:12:	Avoid excessively long variable names like nonShippableStatesRepositoryItem
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/StatesDetails.java:12:	Private field 'nonShippableStatesRepositoryItem' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/StatesDetails.java:13:	Avoid excessively long variable names like nonShippableStatesRepositoryItem
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/StatesDetails.java:13:	Parameter 'nonShippableStatesRepositoryItem' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/StatesDetails.java:20:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/StatesDetails.java:29:	Parameter 'pStateCode' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/StatesDetails.java:36:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/StatesDetails.java:45:	Parameter 'pStateName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/StatesDetails.java:52:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/StatesDetails.java:61:	Parameter 'pCountryCd' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/StatesDetails.java:68:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/certona/vo/StatesDetails.java:77:	Parameter 'pBopus' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/BannerVO.java:21:	Parameter 'bannerID' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/BannerVO.java:33:	Parameter 'bannerText' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/BannerVO.java:45:	Parameter 'bannerLink' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/BannerVO.java:57:	Parameter 'bannerBackground' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/BannerVO.java:69:	Parameter 'bannerForeground' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/BannerVO.java:81:	Parameter 'bannerFontSize' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/BannerVO.java:93:	Parameter 'bannerFontWeight' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/CarouselVO.java:10:	Avoid excessively long variable names like carouselImageCount
src/com/bbb/cms/CarouselVO.java:21:	Avoid excessively long variable names like carouselImageCount
src/com/bbb/cms/CarouselVO.java:21:	Parameter 'carouselImageCount' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/CarouselVO.java:33:	Parameter 'carouselId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/CarouselVO.java:45:	Parameter 'flipTime' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/CarouselVO.java:57:	Parameter 'title' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/CarouselVO.java:70:	Parameter 'images' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/CategoryContainerVO.java:19:	Avoid excessively long variable names like noOfCatInCatContainer
src/com/bbb/cms/CategoryContainerVO.java:20:	Avoid excessively long variable names like categoryInCatContainer
src/com/bbb/cms/CategoryContainerVO.java:31:	Parameter 'flipTime' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/CategoryContainerVO.java:43:	Parameter 'title' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/CategoryContainerVO.java:55:	Avoid excessively long variable names like noOfCatInCatContainer
src/com/bbb/cms/CategoryContainerVO.java:55:	Parameter 'noOfCatInCatContainer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/CategoryContainerVO.java:67:	Avoid excessively long variable names like categoryInCatContainer
src/com/bbb/cms/CategoryContainerVO.java:67:	Parameter 'categoryInCatContainer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/CategoryContainerVO.java:79:	Parameter 'pCategoryId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/CategoryContainerVO.java:91:	Parameter 'pSubCategories' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/CategoryContainerVO.java:94:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'subCat' (lines '94'-'101').
src/com/bbb/cms/CategoryContainerVO.java:95:	Local variable 'toString' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/CategoryContainerVO.java:95:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/com/bbb/cms/CategoryContainerVO.java:95:	StringBuffer constructor is initialized with size 42, but has at least 43 characters appended.
src/com/bbb/cms/CategoryContainerVO.java:96:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/cms/CategoryContainerVO.java:97:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/cms/CategoryContainerVO.java:98:	Avoid variables with short names like i
src/com/bbb/cms/CategoryContainerVO.java:98:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'i' (lines '98'-'108').
src/com/bbb/cms/CategoryContainerVO.java:100:	Local variable 'subCat' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/CategoryContainerVO.java:101:	Avoid concatenating nonliterals in a StringBuffer/StringBuilder constructor or append().
src/com/bbb/cms/CategoryContainerVO.java:105:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/cms/CategoryContainerVO.java:105:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/com/bbb/cms/CategoryLandingContentVO.java:15:	Parameter 'categoryName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/CategoryLandingContentVO.java:21:	Parameter 'templateId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/CategoryLandingContentVO.java:27:	Parameter 'siteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/CategoryLandingContentVO.java:33:	Parameter 'carouselVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/CategoryLandingContentVO.java:39:	Parameter 'bannerVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/ContentBoxVO.java:19:	Parameter 'contentBoxId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/ContentBoxVO.java:31:	Parameter 'imagePosition' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/ContentBoxVO.java:43:	Parameter 'content' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/ContentBoxVO.java:55:	Parameter 'imageBox' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/EmailTemplateVO.java:14:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mShowViewInBrowser
src/com/bbb/cms/EmailTemplateVO.java:19:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pShowViewInBrowser
src/com/bbb/cms/EmailTemplateVO.java:19:	Parameter 'pShowViewInBrowser' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/EmailTemplateVO.java:25:	Parameter 'mEmailFlag' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/EmailTemplateVO.java:31:	Parameter 'pSiteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/EmailTemplateVO.java:37:	Parameter 'pEmailType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/EmailTemplateVO.java:43:	Parameter 'pEmailFrom' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/EmailTemplateVO.java:49:	Parameter 'pEmailSubject' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/EmailTemplateVO.java:55:	Parameter 'pEmailBody' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/EmailTemplateVO.java:61:	Parameter 'pEmailHeader' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/EmailTemplateVO.java:67:	Parameter 'pEmailFooter' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/EmailTemplateVO.java:73:	Parameter 'mEmailPersistId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/GuidesContentVO.java:17:	Parameter 'guidesContentList' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/GuidesTemplateVO.java:22:	Parameter 'omnitureData' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/GuidesTemplateVO.java:34:	Parameter 'pGuideTemplateId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/GuidesTemplateVO.java:48:	Parameter 'pContentType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/GuidesTemplateVO.java:60:	Parameter 'pGuidesCategory' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/GuidesTemplateVO.java:72:	Parameter 'pTitle' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/GuidesTemplateVO.java:84:	Parameter 'pImageUrl' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/GuidesTemplateVO.java:96:	Parameter 'pImageAltText' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/GuidesTemplateVO.java:108:	Parameter 'pShortDescription' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/GuidesTemplateVO.java:120:	Parameter 'pLongDescription' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/GuidesTemplateVO.java:136:	Parameter 'pContentType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/GuidesTemplateVO.java:136:	Parameter 'pGuidesCategory' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/GuidesTemplateVO.java:136:	Parameter 'pImageUrl' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/GuidesTemplateVO.java:136:	Parameter 'pTitle' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/GuidesTemplateVO.java:137:	Parameter 'pGuideTemplateId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/GuidesTemplateVO.java:137:	Parameter 'pImageAltText' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/GuidesTemplateVO.java:137:	Parameter 'pLongDescription' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/GuidesTemplateVO.java:137:	Parameter 'pShortDescription' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/HomePageContentVO.java:5:	Avoid unused imports such as 'atg.dynamometer.Banner'
src/com/bbb/cms/HomePageContentVO.java:5:	Avoid unused imports such as 'atg.dynamometer.Banner'
src/com/bbb/cms/HomePageContentVO.java:7:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.commerce.catalog.vo.ProductVO'
src/com/bbb/cms/HomePageContentVO.java:7:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.commerce.catalog.vo.ProductVO'
src/com/bbb/cms/HomePageContentVO.java:16:	Avoid excessively long variable names like categoryContainerVO
src/com/bbb/cms/HomePageContentVO.java:17:	Avoid excessively long variable names like homePromoTierLayOut1
src/com/bbb/cms/HomePageContentVO.java:18:	Avoid excessively long variable names like homePromoTierLayOut2
src/com/bbb/cms/HomePageContentVO.java:29:	Avoid excessively long variable names like homePromoTierLayOut1
src/com/bbb/cms/HomePageContentVO.java:29:	Parameter 'homePromoTierLayOut1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/HomePageContentVO.java:41:	Avoid excessively long variable names like homePromoTierLayOut2
src/com/bbb/cms/HomePageContentVO.java:41:	Parameter 'homePromoTierLayOut2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/HomePageContentVO.java:53:	Parameter 'templateId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/HomePageContentVO.java:65:	Parameter 'siteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/HomePageContentVO.java:77:	Parameter 'carouselVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/HomePageContentVO.java:89:	Parameter 'bannerVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/HomePageContentVO.java:101:	Parameter 'productCarouselVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/HomePageContentVO.java:113:	Avoid excessively long variable names like categoryContainerVO
src/com/bbb/cms/HomePageContentVO.java:113:	Parameter 'categoryContainerVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/HomePageTemplateVO.java:14:	The class 'HomePageTemplateVO' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 2 (Highest = 25).
src/com/bbb/cms/HomePageTemplateVO.java:22:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mSecondaryProducts
src/com/bbb/cms/HomePageTemplateVO.java:27:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mClearanceDealsFlag
src/com/bbb/cms/HomePageTemplateVO.java:28:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mCategoryContainer
src/com/bbb/cms/HomePageTemplateVO.java:38:	Parameter 'pSiteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/HomePageTemplateVO.java:50:	Parameter 'pHeroImages' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/HomePageTemplateVO.java:62:	Parameter 'pPromoBoxFirst' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/HomePageTemplateVO.java:74:	Parameter 'pPromoBoxSecond' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/HomePageTemplateVO.java:86:	Parameter 'pRegistryStatus' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/HomePageTemplateVO.java:98:	Parameter 'pFeaturedProduct' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/HomePageTemplateVO.java:110:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pSecondaryProducts
src/com/bbb/cms/HomePageTemplateVO.java:110:	Parameter 'pSecondaryProducts' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/HomePageTemplateVO.java:122:	Parameter 'pPromoTierLayout1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/HomePageTemplateVO.java:134:	Parameter 'pPromoTierLayout2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/HomePageTemplateVO.java:146:	Parameter 'pPromoTierLayout3' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/HomePageTemplateVO.java:154:	Parameter 'pJustForYouFlag' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/HomePageTemplateVO.java:161:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pClearanceDealsFlag
src/com/bbb/cms/HomePageTemplateVO.java:161:	Parameter 'pClearanceDealsFlag' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/HomePageTemplateVO.java:173:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pCategoryContainer
src/com/bbb/cms/HomePageTemplateVO.java:173:	Parameter 'pCategoryContainer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/HomePageTemplateVO.java:180:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'PromoBoxLayoutVO' (lines '180'-'224').
src/com/bbb/cms/HomePageTemplateVO.java:180:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'categoryContainerVO' (lines '180'-'254').
src/com/bbb/cms/HomePageTemplateVO.java:180:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'heroImage' (lines '180'-'186').
src/com/bbb/cms/HomePageTemplateVO.java:180:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'productVO' (lines '180'-'215').
src/com/bbb/cms/HomePageTemplateVO.java:180:	The method 'toString' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 25.
src/com/bbb/cms/HomePageTemplateVO.java:180:	The method toString() has an NPath complexity of 4096000
src/com/bbb/cms/HomePageTemplateVO.java:181:	Local variable 'toString' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/HomePageTemplateVO.java:181:	StringBuffer constructor is initialized with size 39, but has at least 497 characters appended.
src/com/bbb/cms/HomePageTemplateVO.java:182:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/cms/HomePageTemplateVO.java:183:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/cms/HomePageTemplateVO.java:184:	Avoid variables with short names like i
src/com/bbb/cms/HomePageTemplateVO.java:185:	Local variable 'heroImage' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/HomePageTemplateVO.java:186:	Avoid concatenating nonliterals in a StringBuffer/StringBuilder constructor or append().
src/com/bbb/cms/HomePageTemplateVO.java:190:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/cms/HomePageTemplateVO.java:190:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/com/bbb/cms/HomePageTemplateVO.java:193:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/cms/HomePageTemplateVO.java:199:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/cms/HomePageTemplateVO.java:205:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/cms/HomePageTemplateVO.java:205:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/cms/HomePageTemplateVO.java:206:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/cms/HomePageTemplateVO.java:212:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/cms/HomePageTemplateVO.java:213:	Avoid variables with short names like i
src/com/bbb/cms/HomePageTemplateVO.java:214:	Local variable 'productVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/HomePageTemplateVO.java:215:	Avoid concatenating nonliterals in a StringBuffer/StringBuilder constructor or append().
src/com/bbb/cms/HomePageTemplateVO.java:221:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/cms/HomePageTemplateVO.java:223:	Local variable 'PromoBoxLayoutVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/HomePageTemplateVO.java:223:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'PromoBoxLayoutVO' starts with uppercase character.
src/com/bbb/cms/HomePageTemplateVO.java:230:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/cms/HomePageTemplateVO.java:232:	Local variable 'PromoBoxLayoutVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/HomePageTemplateVO.java:232:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'PromoBoxLayoutVO' starts with uppercase character.
src/com/bbb/cms/HomePageTemplateVO.java:239:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/cms/HomePageTemplateVO.java:241:	Local variable 'PromoBoxLayoutVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/HomePageTemplateVO.java:241:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'PromoBoxLayoutVO' starts with uppercase character.
src/com/bbb/cms/HomePageTemplateVO.java:248:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/cms/HomePageTemplateVO.java:248:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/cms/HomePageTemplateVO.java:248:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/com/bbb/cms/HomePageTemplateVO.java:249:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/cms/HomePageTemplateVO.java:249:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/cms/HomePageTemplateVO.java:250:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/cms/HomePageTemplateVO.java:252:	Avoid variables with short names like i
src/com/bbb/cms/HomePageTemplateVO.java:253:	Avoid excessively long variable names like categoryContainerVO
src/com/bbb/cms/HomePageTemplateVO.java:253:	Local variable 'categoryContainerVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/HomePageTemplateVO.java:254:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/cms/HomePageTemplateVO.java:254:	Avoid concatenating nonliterals in a StringBuffer/StringBuilder constructor or append().
src/com/bbb/cms/LabelsVO.java:7:	Parameter 'errorMsg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/LabelsVO.java:7:	Parameter 'labelTextArea' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/LabelsVO.java:7:	Parameter 'labels' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/LabelsVO.java:25:	Parameter 'labels' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/LabelsVO.java:37:	Parameter 'labelTextArea' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/LabelsVO.java:49:	Parameter 'errorMsg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/LandingTemplateVO.java:1:	This class has a bunch of public methods and attributes
src/com/bbb/cms/LandingTemplateVO.java:11:	The class 'LandingTemplateVO' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 2 (Highest = 35).
src/com/bbb/cms/LandingTemplateVO.java:11:	Too many fields
src/com/bbb/cms/LandingTemplateVO.java:17:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mRegistryCategoryImage
src/com/bbb/cms/LandingTemplateVO.java:18:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mMarketingBannerUrl
src/com/bbb/cms/LandingTemplateVO.java:19:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mPromoSmallContent
src/com/bbb/cms/LandingTemplateVO.java:27:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mClearanceDealsFlag
src/com/bbb/cms/LandingTemplateVO.java:28:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mTopRegistryItemsFlag
src/com/bbb/cms/LandingTemplateVO.java:30:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mTopCollegeItemsFlag
src/com/bbb/cms/LandingTemplateVO.java:33:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mCategoryPromoWidget
src/com/bbb/cms/LandingTemplateVO.java:52:	Parameter 'seoStaticText' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/LandingTemplateVO.java:72:	Avoid long parameter lists.
src/com/bbb/cms/LandingTemplateVO.java:72:	Parameter 'pBridalTool' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/LandingTemplateVO.java:72:	Parameter 'pPageName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/LandingTemplateVO.java:72:	Parameter 'pPageTitle' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/LandingTemplateVO.java:73:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pMarketingBannerUrl
src/com/bbb/cms/LandingTemplateVO.java:73:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pPromoSmallContent
src/com/bbb/cms/LandingTemplateVO.java:73:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pRegistryCategoryImage
src/com/bbb/cms/LandingTemplateVO.java:73:	Parameter 'pMarketingBannerUrl' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/LandingTemplateVO.java:73:	Parameter 'pPromoSmallContent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/LandingTemplateVO.java:73:	Parameter 'pRegistryCategoryImage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/LandingTemplateVO.java:74:	Parameter 'pPromoTierLayout1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/LandingTemplateVO.java:74:	Parameter 'pPromoTierLayout2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/LandingTemplateVO.java:75:	Parameter 'pKeepsakeShop' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/LandingTemplateVO.java:75:	Parameter 'pTopRegistryItem' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/LandingTemplateVO.java:76:	Parameter 'pBrands' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/LandingTemplateVO.java:76:	Parameter 'pCircularListings' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/LandingTemplateVO.java:76:	Parameter 'pHeroImages' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/LandingTemplateVO.java:97:	Parameter 'pL2CategoryCount' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/LandingTemplateVO.java:105:	Parameter 'pL3CategoryCount' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/LandingTemplateVO.java:113:	Parameter 'pCategory' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/LandingTemplateVO.java:121:	Parameter 'pCircularListings' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/LandingTemplateVO.java:129:	Parameter 'pCollegePromoBox1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/LandingTemplateVO.java:137:	Parameter 'pCollegePromoBox2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/LandingTemplateVO.java:145:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pCategoryPromoWidget
src/com/bbb/cms/LandingTemplateVO.java:145:	Parameter 'pCategoryPromoWidget' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/LandingTemplateVO.java:158:	Parameter 'pPromoTierLayout1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/LandingTemplateVO.java:170:	Parameter 'pPromoTierLayout2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/LandingTemplateVO.java:183:	Parameter 'pPageName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/LandingTemplateVO.java:195:	Parameter 'pPageTitle' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/LandingTemplateVO.java:207:	Parameter 'pBridalTool' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/LandingTemplateVO.java:219:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pRegistryCategoryImage
src/com/bbb/cms/LandingTemplateVO.java:219:	Parameter 'pRegistryCategoryImage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/LandingTemplateVO.java:231:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pMarketingBannerUrl
src/com/bbb/cms/LandingTemplateVO.java:231:	Parameter 'pMarketingBannerUrl' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/LandingTemplateVO.java:243:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pPromoSmallContent
src/com/bbb/cms/LandingTemplateVO.java:243:	Parameter 'pPromoSmallContent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/LandingTemplateVO.java:256:	Parameter 'pTopRegistryItem' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/LandingTemplateVO.java:268:	Parameter 'pKeepsakeShop' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/LandingTemplateVO.java:280:	Parameter 'pBrands' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/LandingTemplateVO.java:292:	Parameter 'pHeroImages' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/LandingTemplateVO.java:307:	Parameter 'pJustForYouFlag' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/LandingTemplateVO.java:314:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pClearanceDealsFlag
src/com/bbb/cms/LandingTemplateVO.java:314:	Parameter 'pClearanceDealsFlag' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/LandingTemplateVO.java:321:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pTopRegistryItemsFlag
src/com/bbb/cms/LandingTemplateVO.java:321:	Parameter 'pTopRegistryItemsFlag' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/LandingTemplateVO.java:328:	Parameter 'pAlsoCheckOutFlag' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/LandingTemplateVO.java:335:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pTopCollegeItemsFlag
src/com/bbb/cms/LandingTemplateVO.java:335:	Parameter 'pTopCollegeItemsFlag' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/LandingTemplateVO.java:340:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/cms/LandingTemplateVO.java:340:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'PromoBoxLayoutVO' (lines '340'-'371').
src/com/bbb/cms/LandingTemplateVO.java:340:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'brands' (lines '340'-'435').
src/com/bbb/cms/LandingTemplateVO.java:340:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'bridalTool' (lines '340'-'347').
src/com/bbb/cms/LandingTemplateVO.java:340:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'circularListings' (lines '340'-'401').
src/com/bbb/cms/LandingTemplateVO.java:340:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'heroImage' (lines '340'-'390').
src/com/bbb/cms/LandingTemplateVO.java:340:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'productVO' (lines '340'-'415').
src/com/bbb/cms/LandingTemplateVO.java:340:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'regCatImage' (lines '340'-'358').
src/com/bbb/cms/LandingTemplateVO.java:340:	The method 'toString' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 35.
src/com/bbb/cms/LandingTemplateVO.java:341:	Local variable 'toString' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/LandingTemplateVO.java:341:	StringBuffer constructor is initialized with size 51, but has at least 583 characters appended.
src/com/bbb/cms/LandingTemplateVO.java:342:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/cms/LandingTemplateVO.java:343:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/cms/LandingTemplateVO.java:344:	Avoid variables with short names like i
src/com/bbb/cms/LandingTemplateVO.java:346:	Local variable 'bridalTool' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/LandingTemplateVO.java:347:	Avoid concatenating nonliterals in a StringBuffer/StringBuilder constructor or append().
src/com/bbb/cms/LandingTemplateVO.java:351:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/cms/LandingTemplateVO.java:351:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/com/bbb/cms/LandingTemplateVO.java:354:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/cms/LandingTemplateVO.java:355:	Avoid variables with short names like i
src/com/bbb/cms/LandingTemplateVO.java:357:	Local variable 'regCatImage' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/LandingTemplateVO.java:358:	Avoid concatenating nonliterals in a StringBuffer/StringBuilder constructor or append().
src/com/bbb/cms/LandingTemplateVO.java:362:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/cms/LandingTemplateVO.java:362:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/com/bbb/cms/LandingTemplateVO.java:365:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/cms/LandingTemplateVO.java:365:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/com/bbb/cms/LandingTemplateVO.java:365:	The String literal "NULL" appears 7 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 365
src/com/bbb/cms/LandingTemplateVO.java:366:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/cms/LandingTemplateVO.java:367:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/cms/LandingTemplateVO.java:369:	Avoid variables with short names like i
src/com/bbb/cms/LandingTemplateVO.java:370:	Local variable 'PromoBoxLayoutVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/LandingTemplateVO.java:370:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'PromoBoxLayoutVO' starts with uppercase character.
src/com/bbb/cms/LandingTemplateVO.java:371:	Avoid concatenating nonliterals in a StringBuffer/StringBuilder constructor or append().
src/com/bbb/cms/LandingTemplateVO.java:377:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/cms/LandingTemplateVO.java:379:	Avoid variables with short names like i
src/com/bbb/cms/LandingTemplateVO.java:380:	Local variable 'PromoBoxLayoutVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/LandingTemplateVO.java:380:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'PromoBoxLayoutVO' starts with uppercase character.
src/com/bbb/cms/LandingTemplateVO.java:381:	Avoid concatenating nonliterals in a StringBuffer/StringBuilder constructor or append().
src/com/bbb/cms/LandingTemplateVO.java:387:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/cms/LandingTemplateVO.java:388:	Avoid variables with short names like i
src/com/bbb/cms/LandingTemplateVO.java:389:	Local variable 'heroImage' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/LandingTemplateVO.java:390:	Avoid concatenating nonliterals in a StringBuffer/StringBuilder constructor or append().
src/com/bbb/cms/LandingTemplateVO.java:394:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/cms/LandingTemplateVO.java:394:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/com/bbb/cms/LandingTemplateVO.java:398:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/cms/LandingTemplateVO.java:399:	Avoid variables with short names like i
src/com/bbb/cms/LandingTemplateVO.java:400:	Local variable 'circularListings' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/LandingTemplateVO.java:401:	Avoid concatenating nonliterals in a StringBuffer/StringBuilder constructor or append().
src/com/bbb/cms/LandingTemplateVO.java:405:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/cms/LandingTemplateVO.java:405:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/com/bbb/cms/LandingTemplateVO.java:411:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/cms/LandingTemplateVO.java:412:	Avoid variables with short names like i
src/com/bbb/cms/LandingTemplateVO.java:414:	Local variable 'productVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/LandingTemplateVO.java:415:	Avoid concatenating nonliterals in a StringBuffer/StringBuilder constructor or append().
src/com/bbb/cms/LandingTemplateVO.java:421:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/cms/LandingTemplateVO.java:422:	Avoid variables with short names like i
src/com/bbb/cms/LandingTemplateVO.java:424:	Local variable 'productVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/LandingTemplateVO.java:425:	Avoid concatenating nonliterals in a StringBuffer/StringBuilder constructor or append().
src/com/bbb/cms/LandingTemplateVO.java:431:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/cms/LandingTemplateVO.java:432:	Avoid variables with short names like i
src/com/bbb/cms/LandingTemplateVO.java:434:	Local variable 'brands' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/LandingTemplateVO.java:435:	Avoid concatenating nonliterals in a StringBuffer/StringBuilder constructor or append().
src/com/bbb/cms/LandingTemplateVO.java:439:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/cms/LandingTemplateVO.java:439:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/com/bbb/cms/LandingTemplateVO.java:441:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/cms/LandingTemplateVO.java:441:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/cms/LandingTemplateVO.java:441:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/com/bbb/cms/LandingTemplateVO.java:442:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/cms/LandingTemplateVO.java:442:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/cms/LandingTemplateVO.java:442:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/com/bbb/cms/LandingTemplateVO.java:443:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/cms/LandingTemplateVO.java:443:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/cms/LandingTemplateVO.java:443:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/com/bbb/cms/LandingTemplateVO.java:444:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/cms/LandingTemplateVO.java:444:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/cms/LandingTemplateVO.java:444:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/com/bbb/cms/LandingTemplateVO.java:445:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/cms/LandingTemplateVO.java:445:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/cms/LinkVO.java:7:	Field isSeparator has the same name as a method
src/com/bbb/cms/LinkVO.java:19:	Parameter 'bannerText' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/LinkVO.java:41:	Parameter 'isSeparator' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/NavigationLinksVO.java:20:	Parameter 'navLinkId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/NavigationLinksVO.java:32:	Parameter 'siteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/NavigationLinksVO.java:44:	Parameter 'bannerList' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/ProductCarouselVO.java:12:	Avoid excessively long variable names like noOfProductsInProductCarousel
src/com/bbb/cms/ProductCarouselVO.java:23:	Parameter 'carouselId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/ProductCarouselVO.java:35:	Parameter 'flipTime' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/ProductCarouselVO.java:47:	Parameter 'title' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/ProductCarouselVO.java:59:	Parameter 'productList' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/ProductCarouselVO.java:72:	Avoid excessively long variable names like noOfProductsInProductCarousel
src/com/bbb/cms/ProductCarouselVO.java:72:	Parameter 'noOfProductsInProductCarousel' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/PromoBoxLayoutVO.java:7:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mPromoBoxFirstVOList
src/com/bbb/cms/PromoBoxLayoutVO.java:8:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mPromoBoxSecondVOList
src/com/bbb/cms/PromoBoxLayoutVO.java:9:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mPromoBoxThirdVOList
src/com/bbb/cms/PromoBoxLayoutVO.java:23:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pPromoBoxFirstVOList
src/com/bbb/cms/PromoBoxLayoutVO.java:23:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pPromoBoxSecondVOList
src/com/bbb/cms/PromoBoxLayoutVO.java:23:	Parameter 'pPromoBoxFirstVOList' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/PromoBoxLayoutVO.java:23:	Parameter 'pPromoBoxSecondVOList' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/PromoBoxLayoutVO.java:24:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pPromoBoxThirdVOList
src/com/bbb/cms/PromoBoxLayoutVO.java:24:	Parameter 'pPromoBoxThirdVOList' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/PromoBoxLayoutVO.java:42:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pPromoBoxFirstVOList
src/com/bbb/cms/PromoBoxLayoutVO.java:42:	Parameter 'pPromoBoxFirstVOList' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/PromoBoxLayoutVO.java:56:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pPromoBoxSecondVOList
src/com/bbb/cms/PromoBoxLayoutVO.java:56:	Parameter 'pPromoBoxSecondVOList' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/PromoBoxLayoutVO.java:70:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pPromoBoxThirdVOList
src/com/bbb/cms/PromoBoxLayoutVO.java:70:	Parameter 'pPromoBoxThirdVOList' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/PromoBoxLayoutVO.java:77:	Local variable 'toString' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/PromoBoxLayoutVO.java:77:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/com/bbb/cms/PromoBoxLayoutVO.java:77:	StringBuffer constructor is initialized with size 49, but has at least 100 characters appended.
src/com/bbb/cms/PromoBoxLayoutVO.java:78:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/cms/PromoBoxLayoutVO.java:78:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/cms/PromoBoxLayoutVO.java:78:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/com/bbb/cms/PromoBoxLayoutVO.java:79:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/cms/PromoBoxLayoutVO.java:79:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/cms/PromoBoxLayoutVO.java:79:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/com/bbb/cms/PromoBoxLayoutVO.java:80:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/cms/PromoBoxLayoutVO.java:80:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/cms/PromoBoxVO.java:24:	Parameter 'height' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/PromoBoxVO.java:36:	Parameter 'width' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/PromoBoxVO.java:48:	Parameter 'pId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/PromoBoxVO.java:62:	Parameter 'pImageLink' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/PromoBoxVO.java:84:	Parameter 'pId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/PromoBoxVO.java:84:	Parameter 'pImageAltText' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/PromoBoxVO.java:84:	Parameter 'pImageMapContent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/PromoBoxVO.java:84:	Parameter 'pImageMapName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/PromoBoxVO.java:84:	Parameter 'pImageURL' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/PromoBoxVO.java:85:	Parameter 'height' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/PromoBoxVO.java:85:	Parameter 'pImageLink' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/PromoBoxVO.java:85:	Parameter 'pPromoBoxContent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/PromoBoxVO.java:85:	Parameter 'width' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/PromoBoxVO.java:107:	Parameter 'pImageURL' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/PromoBoxVO.java:119:	Parameter 'pImageAltText' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/PromoBoxVO.java:131:	Parameter 'pImageMapName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/PromoBoxVO.java:143:	Parameter 'pImageMapContent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/PromoBoxVO.java:155:	Parameter 'pPromoBoxContent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/PromoBoxVO.java:160:	Local variable 'toString' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/PromoBoxVO.java:160:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/com/bbb/cms/PromoBoxVO.java:160:	StringBuffer constructor is initialized with size 33, but has at least 218 characters appended.
src/com/bbb/cms/PromoBoxVO.java:161:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/cms/PromoBoxVO.java:161:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/com/bbb/cms/PromoBoxVO.java:162:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/cms/PromoBoxVO.java:162:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/com/bbb/cms/PromoBoxVO.java:163:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/cms/PromoBoxVO.java:163:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/com/bbb/cms/PromoBoxVO.java:164:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/cms/PromoBoxVO.java:164:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/com/bbb/cms/PromoBoxVO.java:165:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/cms/PromoBoxVO.java:165:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/com/bbb/cms/PromoBoxVO.java:166:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/cms/PromoBoxVO.java:166:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/com/bbb/cms/PromoBoxVO.java:167:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/cms/PromoBoxVO.java:167:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/com/bbb/cms/PromoBoxVO.java:168:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/cms/PromoBoxVO.java:168:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/com/bbb/cms/PromoBoxVO.java:169:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/cms/PromoContainerVO.java:18:	Parameter 'promoId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/PromoContainerVO.java:30:	Parameter 'imageBox1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/PromoContainerVO.java:42:	Parameter 'imageBox2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/PromoImageVO.java:31:	Parameter 'pImageAltText' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/PromoImageVO.java:31:	Parameter 'pImageUrl' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/PromoImageVO.java:31:	Parameter 'pLinkLabel' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/PromoImageVO.java:31:	Parameter 'pLinkUrl' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/PromoImageVO.java:47:	Parameter 'pImageUrl' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/PromoImageVO.java:59:	Parameter 'pImageAltText' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/PromoImageVO.java:71:	Parameter 'pLinkLabel' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/PromoImageVO.java:83:	Parameter 'pLinkUrl' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/PromoImageVO.java:87:	The method toString() has an NPath complexity of 625
src/com/bbb/cms/PromoImageVO.java:88:	Local variable 'toString' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/PromoImageVO.java:88:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/com/bbb/cms/PromoImageVO.java:88:	StringBuffer constructor is initialized with size 43, but has at least 86 characters appended.
src/com/bbb/cms/PromoImageVO.java:89:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/cms/PromoImageVO.java:89:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/com/bbb/cms/PromoImageVO.java:89:	The String literal "NULL" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 89
src/com/bbb/cms/PromoImageVO.java:90:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/cms/PromoImageVO.java:90:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/com/bbb/cms/PromoImageVO.java:91:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/cms/PromoImageVO.java:91:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/com/bbb/cms/PromoImageVO.java:92:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/cms/RecordCountPropertyDescriptor.java:5:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.Set'
src/com/bbb/cms/RecordCountPropertyDescriptor.java:5:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.Set'
src/com/bbb/cms/RecordCountPropertyDescriptor.java:50:	Parameter 'pPropertyName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/RecordCountPropertyDescriptor.java:61:	Parameter 'pPropertyName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/RecordCountPropertyDescriptor.java:62:	Parameter 'pPropertyType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/RecordCountPropertyDescriptor.java:63:	Parameter 'pShortDescription' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/RecordCountPropertyDescriptor.java:104:	Parameter 'pItem' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/RecordCountPropertyDescriptor.java:104:	Parameter 'pValue' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/RecordCountPropertyDescriptor.java:105:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'propertyList'.
src/com/bbb/cms/RecordCountPropertyDescriptor.java:105:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'propertyList' (lines '105'-'127').
src/com/bbb/cms/RecordCountPropertyDescriptor.java:105:	Local variable 'propertyList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/RecordCountPropertyDescriptor.java:109:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'defaultSize' (lines '109'-'127').
src/com/bbb/cms/RecordCountPropertyDescriptor.java:109:	Local variable 'defaultSize' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/RecordCountPropertyDescriptor.java:113:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/com/bbb/cms/RecordCountPropertyDescriptor.java:114:	Local variable 'property' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/RecordCountPropertyDescriptor.java:115:	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/com/bbb/cms/RecordCountPropertyDescriptor.java:117:	No need to call String.valueOf to append to a string.
src/com/bbb/cms/RecordCountPropertyDescriptor.java:133:	Parameter 'pAttributeName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/RecordCountPropertyDescriptor.java:133:	Parameter 'pValue' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/RecordCountPropertyDescriptor.java:136:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/com/bbb/cms/RegistryTemplateVO.java:6:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.commerce.catalog.vo.AttributeVO'
src/com/bbb/cms/RegistryTemplateVO.java:6:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.commerce.catalog.vo.AttributeVO'
src/com/bbb/cms/RegistryTemplateVO.java:8:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.commerce.catalog.vo.StoreBopusInfoVO'
src/com/bbb/cms/RegistryTemplateVO.java:8:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.commerce.catalog.vo.StoreBopusInfoVO'
src/com/bbb/cms/RegistryTemplateVO.java:15:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mPageHeaderFeaturedContent
src/com/bbb/cms/RegistryTemplateVO.java:18:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mPromoImageAltText
src/com/bbb/cms/RegistryTemplateVO.java:32:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pPageHeaderFeaturedContent
src/com/bbb/cms/RegistryTemplateVO.java:32:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pPromoImageAltText
src/com/bbb/cms/RegistryTemplateVO.java:32:	Avoid long parameter lists.
src/com/bbb/cms/RegistryTemplateVO.java:32:	Avoid unused constructor parameters such as 'omnitureData'.
src/com/bbb/cms/RegistryTemplateVO.java:32:	Parameter 'omnitureData' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/RegistryTemplateVO.java:32:	Parameter 'pBbbPageName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/RegistryTemplateVO.java:32:	Parameter 'pPageCopy' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/RegistryTemplateVO.java:32:	Parameter 'pPageHeaderCopy' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/RegistryTemplateVO.java:32:	Parameter 'pPageHeaderFeaturedContent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/RegistryTemplateVO.java:32:	Parameter 'pPageName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/RegistryTemplateVO.java:32:	Parameter 'pPageTitle' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/RegistryTemplateVO.java:32:	Parameter 'pPageType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/RegistryTemplateVO.java:32:	Parameter 'pPageVariation' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/RegistryTemplateVO.java:32:	Parameter 'pPageWrapper' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/RegistryTemplateVO.java:32:	Parameter 'pPromoImageAltText' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/RegistryTemplateVO.java:32:	Parameter 'pPromoImageURL' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/RegistryTemplateVO.java:53:	Parameter 'omnitureData' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/RegistryTemplateVO.java:67:	Parameter 'imageBox' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/RegistryTemplateVO.java:74:	Parameter 'pPageName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/RegistryTemplateVO.java:80:	Parameter 'pBbbPageName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/RegistryTemplateVO.java:86:	Parameter 'pPageTitle' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/RegistryTemplateVO.java:92:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pPageHeaderFeaturedContent
src/com/bbb/cms/RegistryTemplateVO.java:92:	Parameter 'pPageHeaderFeaturedContent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/RegistryTemplateVO.java:98:	Parameter 'pPageHeaderCopy' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/RegistryTemplateVO.java:104:	Parameter 'pPromoImageURL' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/RegistryTemplateVO.java:110:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pPromoImageAltText
src/com/bbb/cms/RegistryTemplateVO.java:110:	Parameter 'pPromoImageAltText' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/RegistryTemplateVO.java:116:	Parameter 'pPageCopy' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/RegistryTemplateVO.java:124:	Parameter 'mBrands' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/RegistryTemplateVO.java:132:	Parameter 'pPageType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/RegistryTemplateVO.java:140:	Parameter 'pPageWrapper' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/RegistryTemplateVO.java:148:	Parameter 'pPageVariation' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/StaticContentVO.java:3:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.List'
src/com/bbb/cms/StaticContentVO.java:3:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.List'
src/com/bbb/cms/StaticContentVO.java:25:	Parameter 'omnitureData' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/StaticContentVO.java:39:	Parameter 'templateId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/StaticContentVO.java:53:	Parameter 'pageName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/StaticContentVO.java:67:	Parameter 'pageTitle' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/StaticContentVO.java:81:	Parameter 'pageHeaderCopy' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/StaticContentVO.java:95:	Parameter 'pageCopy' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/StaticContentVO.java:109:	Parameter 'bbbPageName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/StaticContentVO.java:123:	Parameter 'pageType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/StaticContentVO.java:137:	Parameter 'seoUrl' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/StaticContentVO.java:151:	Parameter 'siteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/StaticPageBreadcrumbVO.java:3:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.List'
src/com/bbb/cms/StaticPageBreadcrumbVO.java:3:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.List'
src/com/bbb/cms/StaticPageBreadcrumbVO.java:4:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.Map'
src/com/bbb/cms/StaticPageBreadcrumbVO.java:4:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.Map'
src/com/bbb/cms/StaticPageBreadcrumbVO.java:14:	Parameter 'bbbPageName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/StaticPageBreadcrumbVO.java:20:	Parameter 'pageTitle' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/StaticTemplateContentVO.java:7:	Too many fields
src/com/bbb/cms/StaticTemplateContentVO.java:21:	Private field 'productList' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/com/bbb/cms/StaticTemplateContentVO.java:22:	Avoid excessively long variable names like noOfProductsInProductCarousel
src/com/bbb/cms/StaticTemplateContentVO.java:32:	Parameter 'omnitureData' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/StaticTemplateContentVO.java:44:	Parameter 'bbbPageName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/StaticTemplateContentVO.java:56:	Parameter 'pageCopy' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/StaticTemplateContentVO.java:68:	Parameter 'templateId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/StaticTemplateContentVO.java:80:	Parameter 'pageName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/StaticTemplateContentVO.java:92:	Parameter 'pageTitle' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/StaticTemplateContentVO.java:104:	Parameter 'pageSubHeaderCopy' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/StaticTemplateContentVO.java:116:	Parameter 'carouselVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/StaticTemplateContentVO.java:128:	Parameter 'seoUrl' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/StaticTemplateContentVO.java:140:	Parameter 'siteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/StaticTemplateContentVO.java:152:	Parameter 'pageContent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/StaticTemplateContentVO.java:164:	Parameter 'noOfContentBoxes' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/StaticTemplateContentVO.java:176:	Parameter 'pageHeaderCopy' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/StaticTemplateContentVO.java:188:	Parameter 'imageBox' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/StaticTemplateContentVO.java:200:	Parameter 'banner' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/StaticTemplateContentVO.java:220:	Avoid excessively long variable names like noOfProductsInProductCarousel
src/com/bbb/cms/StaticTemplateContentVO.java:220:	Parameter 'noOfProductsInProductCarousel' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/StaticTemplateContentVO.java:232:	Parameter 'pageMessage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cobertura/CoberturaServlet.java:18:	Parameter 'pRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cobertura/CoberturaServlet.java:18:	Parameter 'pResponse' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cobertura/CoberturaServlet.java:20:	Local variable 'className' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cobertura/CoberturaServlet.java:21:	Local variable 'methodName' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cobertura/CoberturaServlet.java:22:	Local variable 'saveClass' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cobertura/CoberturaServlet.java:23:	Local variable 'saveMethod' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/marshaller/OOSMessageMarshaller.java:45:	Local variable 'emailRequestVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/marshaller/OOSMessageMarshaller.java:65:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'stringWriter' (lines '65'-'69').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/marshaller/OOSMessageMarshaller.java:87:	A throw statement in a finally block makes the control flow hard to understand.
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/vo/BrandsListingVO.java:33:	Avoid excessively long variable names like listFeaturedBrands
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/vo/BrandsListingVO.java:50:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pListFeaturedBrands
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/vo/DATARECORD.java:81:	The String literal "dateTime" appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 81
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/vo/DATARECORD.java:121:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/vo/DATARECORD.java:145:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/vo/DATARECORD.java:169:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/vo/DATARECORD.java:193:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/vo/DATARECORD.java:217:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/vo/DATARECORD.java:241:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/vo/DATARECORD.java:265:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/vo/DATARECORD.java:289:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/vo/DATARECORD.java:313:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/vo/DATARECORD.java:337:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/vo/DATARECORD.java:361:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/vo/DATARECORD.java:385:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/vo/DATARECORD.java:409:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/vo/EDCProdListDataVO.java:15:	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/vo/Main.java:67:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/vo/OOSEmailRequestVO.java:69:	Parameter 'skuId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/vo/OOSEmailRequestVO.java:77:	Parameter 'productId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/vo/OOSEmailRequestVO.java:85:	Parameter 'productName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/vo/OOSEmailRequestVO.java:93:	Parameter 'emailAddr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/vo/OOSEmailRequestVO.java:101:	Parameter 'custName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/vo/OOSEmailRequestVO.java:109:	Parameter 'userIp' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/vo/OOSEmailRequestVO.java:117:	Parameter 'requestedDT' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/vo/OOSEmailRequestVO.java:125:	Parameter 'inStockNotifyDT' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/vo/OOSEmailRequestVO.java:133:	Parameter 'notice1dt' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/vo/OOSEmailRequestVO.java:141:	Parameter 'notice2dt' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/vo/OOSEmailRequestVO.java:149:	Parameter 'unsubscribeDT' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/vo/OOSEmailRequestVO.java:157:	Parameter 'finalNoticeDT' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/vo/OOSEmailRequestVO.java:165:	Parameter 'siteFlag' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/vo/ObjectFactory.java:36:	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/vo/ObjectFactory.java:36:	Document empty constructor
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/vo/ProdCatHeaderVO.java:15:	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:6:	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:9:	Avoid excessively long variable names like WEB_OFFERED_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:10:	Avoid excessively long variable names like DISABLE_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:11:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SKU_ITEM_DESCRIPTOR
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:12:	Avoid excessively long variable names like STATES_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:13:	Avoid excessively long variable names like RECOMMENDED_FLAG_REG_CAT_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:14:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ITEM_TRANSLATIONS_INVENTORY_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:15:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CONTENT_CATALOG_KEYS
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:19:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CATALOG_ITEM_DESCRIPTOR
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:22:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CHILD_CATEGORIES_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:23:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CATEGORY_ITEM_DESCRIPTOR
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:24:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CHILD_PRODUCTS_CATEGORY_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:25:	Avoid excessively long variable names like START_DATE_CATEGORY_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:25:	The String literal "startDate" appears 9 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 25
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:26:	Avoid excessively long variable names like END_DATE_CATEGORY_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:26:	The String literal "endDate" appears 9 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 26
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:27:	Avoid excessively long variable names like DISABLE_CATEGORY_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:28:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CREATION_DATE_CATEGORY_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:28:	The String literal "creationDate" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 28
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:29:	Avoid excessively long variable names like DESCRIPTION_CATEGORY_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:29:	The String literal "description" appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 29
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:30:	Avoid excessively long variable names like LONG_DESCRIPTION_CATEGORY_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:31:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SHOP_GUIDE_CATEGORY_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:32:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CAT_KEYWORDS_CATEGORY_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:33:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SITE_IDS_CATEGORY_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:34:	Avoid excessively long variable names like DISPLAY_NAME_CATEGORY_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:34:	The String literal "displayName" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 34
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:35:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SMALL_IMAGE_CATEGORY_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:36:	Avoid excessively long variable names like NODE_TYPE_CATEGORY_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:37:	Avoid excessively long variable names like IS_COLLEGE_CATEGORY_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:38:	Avoid excessively long variable names like FIXED_PARENT_CATEGORIES_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:39:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PARENT_CATEGORIES_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:41:	Avoid excessively long variable names like DEFAULT_SHIP_METHOD_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:42:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SHIPPING_METHOD_PRICES_ITEM_DESCRIPTOR
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:43:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SHIPPING_METHOD_ITEM_DESCRIPTOR
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:44:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SHIPPING_DURATIONS_ITEM_DESCRIPTOR
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:48:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PRICE_SHIPPING_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:49:	Avoid excessively long variable names like LOWER_LIMIT_SHIPPING_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:50:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SHIPPING_METHOD_DESCRIPTION_SHIPPING_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:51:	Avoid excessively long variable names like MAX_DAYS_TO_SHIP_SHIPPING_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:52:	Avoid excessively long variable names like MIN_DAYS_TO_SHIP_SHIPPING_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:53:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SHIPPING_SURCHARGE_SKU_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:54:	Avoid excessively long variable names like NON_SHIPPABLE_STATES_SHIPPING_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:55:	Avoid excessively long variable names like UPPER_LIMIT_SHIPPING_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:56:	Avoid excessively long variable names like STATE_ITEM_DESCRIPTOR
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:56:	The String literal "state" appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 56
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:57:	Avoid excessively long variable names like STATE_DESC_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:57:	The String literal "descrip" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 57
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:58:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CUT_OFF_TIME_SHIPPING_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:60:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ELIGIBLE_SHIP_METHODS_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:61:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PAYMENT_CARDS_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:64:	Avoid excessively long variable names like STATES_ITEM_DESCRIPTOR
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:67:	Avoid excessively long variable names like DESCRIPTION_STATE_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:68:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CARD_NAME_CREDIT_CARD_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:69:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CARD_CODE_CREDIT_CARD_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:70:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CARD_IMAGE_CREDIT_CARD_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:75:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SITE_ITEM_DESCRIPTOR
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:76:	Avoid excessively long variable names like APPLICABLE_SHIPMETHODS_SITE_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:77:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REGISTRY_TYPES_SITE_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:78:	Avoid excessively long variable names like NEXUS_STATE_SITE_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:79:	Avoid excessively long variable names like BOPUS_EXCLUDED_STATE_SITE_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:80:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFT_WRAP_PRICE_SITE_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:81:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFT_WRAP_SKU_SITE_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:82:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFT_WRAP_PRODUCT_SITE_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:83:	Avoid excessively long variable names like COMMON_GREETINGS_SITE_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:84:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PACK_AND_HOLD_SITE_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:85:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PACK_AND_HOLD_START_DATE_SITE_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:86:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PACK_AND_HOLD_END_DATE_SITE_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:87:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SITE_TAG_SITE_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:88:	Avoid excessively long variable names like DEFAULT_COUNTRY_SITE_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:89:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SITE_NAME_SITE_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:90:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SITE_ATTRIBUTE_VALUES_LIST
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:92:	Avoid excessively long variable names like BBB_HOLIDAYS_SITE_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:93:	Avoid excessively long variable names like BBB_WEEKENDS_SITE_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:96:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PRODUCT_ITEM_DESCRIPTOR
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:97:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PRODUCT_TYPE_PRODUCT_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:98:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SHOW_IMAGES_IN_COLLECTION_PRODUCT_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:99:	Avoid excessively long variable names like LEAD_PRODUCT_PRODUCT_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:100:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PRODUCT_ID_PRODUCT_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:101:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ROLLUP_TYPES_PRODUCT_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:102:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SKU_ATTRIBUTE_PRODUCT_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:103:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PRODUCT_TABS_PRODUCT_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:104:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PRODUCT_ROLL_UP_PRODUCT_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:105:	Avoid excessively long variable names like START_DATE_PRODUCT_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:106:	Avoid excessively long variable names like END_DATE_PRODUCT_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:107:	Avoid excessively long variable names like COLLECTION_PRODUCT_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:108:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PRICE_RANGE_PRODUCT_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:109:	Avoid excessively long variable names like EMAIL_OUT_OF_STOCK_PRODUCT_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:110:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CLEARANCE_PRODUCT_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:111:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CHILD_SKU_PRODUCT_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:112:	Avoid excessively long variable names like DISPLAY_NAME_PRODUCT_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:113:	Avoid excessively long variable names like DESCRIPTION_PRODUCT_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:114:	Avoid excessively long variable names like LONG_DESCRIPTION_PRODUCT_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:115:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CHILD_PRODUCTS_RELATION_PRODUCT_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:116:	Avoid excessively long variable names like THUMB_NAIL_PATH_PRODUCT_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:117:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SMALL_IMAGE_PATH_PRODUCT_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:118:	Avoid excessively long variable names like LARGE_IMAGE_PATH_PRODUCT_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:119:	Avoid excessively long variable names like MEDIA_ZOOM_IMAGE_PRODUCT_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:120:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ZOOM_INDEX_PATH_PRODUCT_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:121:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ANYWHERE_ZOOM_PRODUCT_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:122:	Avoid excessively long variable names like COLLECTION_THUMBNAIL_PRODUCT_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:123:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFT_CERTIFICATE_PRODUCT_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:124:	Avoid excessively long variable names like DISABLE_PRODUCT_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:125:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SKU_LOW_PRICE_PRODUCT_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:126:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SKU_HIGH_PRICE_PRODUCT_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:127:	Avoid excessively long variable names like WEB_OFFERED_PRODUCT_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:128:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SITE_PRODUCT_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:128:	The String literal "site" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 128
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:129:	Avoid excessively long variable names like LIKE_UNLIKE_COLL_PRODUCT_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:130:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ROLLUP_ATTR_COLL_PRODUCT_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:131:	Avoid excessively long variable names like COLL_ROLLUP_TYPE_COLL_PRODUCT_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:132:	Avoid excessively long variable names like KEYWRDS_PRODUCT_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:133:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CREATION_DATE_PRODUCT_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:134:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ENABLE_DATE_PRODUCT_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:135:	Avoid excessively long variable names like COLLEGE_PRODUCT_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:136:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SWATCH_PRODUCT_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:137:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PARENT_PRODUCTS_PRODUCT_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:138:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PRODUCT_ATTRIBUTE_RELATION_SKU_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:139:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SITE_ID_PROD_RELATION_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:140:	Avoid excessively long variable names like START_DATE_PROD_RELATION_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:141:	Avoid excessively long variable names like END_DATE_PROD_RELATION_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:142:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SEO_URL_PROD_RELATION_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:143:	Avoid excessively long variable names like MEDIA_RELN_PRODUCT_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:144:	Avoid excessively long variable names like RESTRICTED_ZIP_CODES
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:145:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PRIMARY_PARENT_CATEGORY
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:146:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PRODUCT_SHOP_GUIDE_ID
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:152:	Avoid excessively long variable names like MEDIA_TRANSCRIPT_OTHER_MEDIA_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:153:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PROVIDER_OTHER_MEDIA_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:154:	Avoid excessively long variable names like MEDIA_DESCRIPTION_OTHER_MEDIA_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:155:	Avoid excessively long variable names like MEDIA_SOURCE_OTHER_MEDIA_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:156:	Avoid excessively long variable names like MEDIA_TYPE_OTHER_MEDIA_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:157:	Avoid excessively long variable names like COMMENTS_OTHER_MEDIA_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:158:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SITES_OTHER_MEDIA_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:158:	The String literal "sites" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 158
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:159:	Avoid excessively long variable names like START_DATE_OTHER_MEDIA_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:160:	Avoid excessively long variable names like END_DATE_OTHER_MEDIA_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:164:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ATTRIBUTE_NAME_SITE_TRANS_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:165:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ATTRIBUTE_VALUE_STRING_SITE_TRANS_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:166:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ATTRIBUTE_VALUE_BOOLEAN_SITE_TRANS_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:167:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ATTRIBUTE_VALUE_DATE_SITE_TRANS_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:168:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PROD_TRANS_SITE_TRANS_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:171:	Avoid excessively long variable names like DISPLAY_DESCRIPTION_ATTRIBUTE_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:172:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PRIORITY_ATTRIBUTE_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:173:	Avoid excessively long variable names like IMAGE_URL_ATTRIBUTE_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:174:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACTION_URL_ATTRIBUTE_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:175:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PLACE_HOLDER_ATTRIBUTE_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:176:	Avoid excessively long variable names like START_DATE_ATTRIBUTE_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:177:	Avoid excessively long variable names like END_DATE_ATTRIBUTE_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:182:	Avoid excessively long variable names like LARGE_IMAGE_IMAGE_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:183:	Avoid excessively long variable names like MEDIUM_IMAGE_IMAGE_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:184:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SMALL_IMAGE_IMAGE_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:185:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SWATCH_IMAGE_IMAGE_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:186:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ZOOM_IMAGE_IMAGE_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:187:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ZOOM_INDEX_IMAGE_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:188:	Avoid excessively long variable names like IMAGE_URL_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:189:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ANYWHERE_ZOOM_IMAGE_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:190:	Avoid excessively long variable names like THUMBNAIL_IMAGE_IMAGE_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:193:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ROLLUP_ATTRIBUTE_ROLLUP_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:196:	Avoid excessively long variable names like BRAND_NAME_BRAND_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:197:	Avoid excessively long variable names like BRAND_IMAGE_BRAND_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:198:	Avoid excessively long variable names like BRAND_DESCRIPTION_BRAND_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:199:	Avoid excessively long variable names like BRANDS_ITEM_DESCRIPTOR
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:200:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SITES_BRAND_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:201:	Avoid excessively long variable names like DISPLAY_BRAND_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:204:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REBATES_ITEM_DESCRIPTOR
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:205:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REBATE_URL_REBATE_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:206:	Avoid excessively long variable names like DESCRIPTION_REBATE_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:207:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SITES_REBATE_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:208:	Avoid excessively long variable names like START_DATE_REBATE_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:209:	Avoid excessively long variable names like END_DATE_REBATE_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:212:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SIZE_SKU_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:213:	Avoid excessively long variable names like COLOR_SURCHARGE_SKU_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:214:	Avoid excessively long variable names like VDCSKU_TYPE_SKU_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:215:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFT_WRAP_ELIGIBLE_SKU_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:216:	Avoid excessively long variable names like LONG_DESCRIPTION_SKU_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:217:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SKU_ATTRIBUTE_RELATION_SKU_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:218:	Avoid excessively long variable names like FREE_SHIPPING_METHOD_SKU_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:219:	Avoid excessively long variable names like START_DATE_SKU_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:220:	Avoid excessively long variable names like END_DATE_SKU_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:221:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFT_CERT_SKU_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:222:	Avoid excessively long variable names like FORCE_BELOW_LINE_SKU_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:223:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ECOM_FULFILLMENT_SKU_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:224:	Avoid excessively long variable names like JDA_DEPT_SKU_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:225:	Avoid excessively long variable names like JDA_SUBDEPT_SKU_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:226:	Avoid excessively long variable names like JDA_CLASS_SKU_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:227:	Avoid excessively long variable names like DISPLAY_NAME_SKU_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:228:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SWATCH_IMAGE_SKU_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:229:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ON_SALE_SKU_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:230:	Avoid excessively long variable names like EMAIL_OUT_OF_STOCK_SKU_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:231:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ECO_FEE_SKU_RELN_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:232:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PARENT_PRODUCT_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:233:	Avoid excessively long variable names like VENDOR_ID_SKU_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:234:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SITE_IDS_SKU_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:235:	Avoid excessively long variable names like UPC_SKU_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:236:	Avoid excessively long variable names like BOPUS_EXCLUSION_SKU_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:237:	Avoid excessively long variable names like VDC_SKU_MESSAGE_SKU_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:238:	Avoid excessively long variable names like IS_STORE_SKU_SKU_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:239:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ENABLE_DATE_SKU_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:240:	Avoid excessively long variable names like LARGE_IMAGE_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:241:	Avoid excessively long variable names like THUMBNAIL_IMAGE_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:242:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SMALL_IMAGE_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:246:	Avoid excessively long variable names like START_DATE_SKU_RELATION_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:247:	Avoid excessively long variable names like END_DATE_SKU_RELATION_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:248:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SITE_ID_SKU_RELATION_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:249:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SITE_IDS_SKU_RELATION_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:250:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SKU_ATTRIBUTE_SKU_RELATION_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:252:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SITES_TABS_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:253:	Avoid excessively long variable names like TAB_NAME_TABS_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:254:	Avoid excessively long variable names like TAB_CONTENT_TABS_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:257:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SITE_SKUSHIPPING_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:258:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SHIPPING_METHOD_CODE_SKUSHIPPING_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:260:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CHILD_PRODUCTS_PRODUCT_RELATION_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:261:	Avoid excessively long variable names like COLLECTION_ROLL_UP_PRODUCT_RELATION_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:264:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REGISTRY_TYPE_ITEM_DESCRIPTOR
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:265:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REGISTRY_TYPE_ID_REGISTRY_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:266:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REGISTRY_TYPE_NAME_REGISTRY_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:267:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REGISTRY_TYPE_NAME_REGISTRY_PROPERTY_CODE
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:268:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REGISTRY_TYPE_DESC_REGISTRY_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:269:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REGISTRY_TYPE_INDEX_REGISTRY_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:272:	Avoid excessively long variable names like IDN_CONFIGKEYS_RQL_GET_CONFIGKEYS_BY_CONFIGTYPE
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:274:	Avoid excessively long variable names like IPN_CONFIGKEYS_CONFIGVALUE
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:276:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CONFIG_KEY_VALUE_PROPERTY
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:277:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CONFIG_KEY_PROPERTY
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:278:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CONFIG_VALUE_PROPERTY
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:281:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SKU_THRESHOLD_ITEM_DESCRIPTOR
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:282:	Avoid excessively long variable names like THRESHOLD_LIMITED_THRESHOLD_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:283:	Avoid excessively long variable names like THRESHOLD_AVAILABLE_THRESHOLD_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:287:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PROMOTION_ITEM_DESCRIPTOR
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:288:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PRICE_LIST_ITEM_DESCRIPTOR
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:289:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SALE_PRICE_LIST_PRICING_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:290:	Avoid excessively long variable names like LIST_PRICE_PRICING_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:293:	Avoid excessively long variable names like INVENTORY_ITEM_DESCRIPTOR
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:294:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SITE_STOCK_LEVEL_INVENTORY_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:295:	Avoid excessively long variable names like TRANSLATIONS_SITE_STOCK_LEVEL_INVENTORY_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:296:	Avoid excessively long variable names like STOCK_LEVEL_INVENTORY_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:297:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REGISTRY_STOCK_LEVEL_INVENTORY_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:298:	Avoid excessively long variable names like TRANSLATIONS_REGISTRY_STOCK_LEVEL_INVENTORY_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:299:	Avoid excessively long variable names like START_DATE_INVENTORY_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:300:	Avoid excessively long variable names like END_DATE_INVENTORY_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:301:	Avoid excessively long variable names like DISPLAY_NAME_INVENTORY_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:302:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CREATION_DATE_INVENTORY_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:303:	Avoid excessively long variable names like DESCRIPTION_INVENTORY_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:304:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CATALOG_REF_ID_INVENTORY_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:305:	Avoid excessively long variable names like AVAILABILITY_DATE_INVENTORY_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:306:	Avoid excessively long variable names like TRANSLATIONS_INVENTORY_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:310:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SCHOOLS_ITEM_DESCRIPTOR
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:311:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SCHOOLS_VER_ITEM_DESCRIPTOR
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:312:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SCHOOL_NAME_SCHOOL_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:313:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SMALL_LOGO_URL_SCHOOL_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:314:	Avoid excessively long variable names like LARGE_LOGO_URL_SCHOOL_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:315:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SMALL_WELCOME_MSG_SCHOOL_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:316:	Avoid excessively long variable names like LARGE_WELCOME_MSG_SCHOOL_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:317:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PROMOTION_ID_SCHOOL_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:318:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ADDRESS_LINE1_SCHOOL_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:319:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ADDRESS_LINE2_SCHOOL_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:320:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CITY_SCHOOL_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:321:	Avoid excessively long variable names like STATE_SCHOOL_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:322:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ZIP_SCHOOL_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:323:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SCHOOLS_ITEM_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:324:	Avoid excessively long variable names like IMAGE_URL_SCHOOL_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:325:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PREF_STORE_ID_SCHOOL_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:326:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PDF_URL_SCHOOL_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:327:	Avoid excessively long variable names like COLLEGE_TAG_SCHOOL_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:328:	Avoid excessively long variable names like COLLEGE_LOGO_SCHOOL_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:329:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CREATION_DATE_SCHOOL_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:330:	Avoid excessively long variable names like LAST_MODIFIED_DATE_SCHOOL_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:331:	Avoid variables with short names like ID
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:332:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PROMOTION_DESCRIPTION
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:333:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SCHOOL_SEO_NAME_SCHOOL_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:336:	Avoid excessively long variable names like BAZARVOICE_API_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:338:	Avoid excessively long variable names like TOTAL_REVIEW_COUNT
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:340:	Avoid excessively long variable names like AVERAGE_OVERALL_RATING
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:350:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ADDRESS_LINE1_BEDDING_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:351:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ADDRESS_LINE2_BEDDING_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:352:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CITY_BEDDING_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:353:	Avoid excessively long variable names like STATE_BEDDING_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:354:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ZIP_BEDDING_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:355:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SHIPPING_START_DATE
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:358:	Avoid excessively long variable names like BEDDING_KIT_ATTRIBUTE
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:363:	Avoid excessively long variable names like STORE_ITEM_DESCRIPTOR
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:364:	Avoid excessively long variable names like STATE_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:365:	Avoid excessively long variable names like STORE_NAME_STORE_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:366:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ADDRESS_STORE_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:367:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CITY_STORE_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:368:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PROVINCE_STORE_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:369:	Avoid excessively long variable names like POSTAL_CODE_STORE_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:370:	Avoid excessively long variable names like COUNTRYCODE_STORE_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:371:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PHONE_STORE_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:372:	Avoid excessively long variable names like LONGITUDE_STORE_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:373:	Avoid excessively long variable names like LATITUDE_STORE_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:374:	Avoid excessively long variable names like STORE_TYPE_STORE_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:375:	Avoid excessively long variable names like HOURS_STORE_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:376:	Avoid excessively long variable names like LAT_LONG_SRC_STORE_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:377:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ROW_XNGDT_STORE_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:378:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ROW_XNGUSER_STORE_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:379:	Avoid excessively long variable names like HIRINGIND_STORE_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:380:	Avoid excessively long variable names like FACADE_STORE_TYPE_STORE_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:381:	Avoid excessively long variable names like COMMON_NAME_PHONETIC_STORE_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:382:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ADDRESS_PHONETIC_STORE_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:383:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CITY_PHONETIC_STORE_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:384:	Avoid excessively long variable names like MQ_TRANS_CODE_STORE_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:385:	Avoid excessively long variable names like DISPLAY_ONLINE_STORE_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:386:	Avoid excessively long variable names like MON_OPEN_STORE_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:387:	Avoid excessively long variable names like MON_CLOSE_STORE_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:388:	Avoid excessively long variable names like TUES_OPEN_STORE_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:389:	Avoid excessively long variable names like TUES_CLOSE_STORE_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:390:	Avoid excessively long variable names like WED_OPEN_STORE_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:391:	Avoid excessively long variable names like WED_CLOSE_STORE_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:392:	Avoid excessively long variable names like THUR_OPEN_STORE_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:393:	Avoid excessively long variable names like THUR_CLOSE_STORE_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:394:	Avoid excessively long variable names like FRI_OPEN_STORE_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:395:	Avoid excessively long variable names like FRI_CLOSE_STORE_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:396:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SAT_OPEN_STORE_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:397:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SAT_CLOSE_STORE_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:398:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SUN_OPEN_STORE_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:399:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SUN_CLOSE_STORE_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:400:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SPECIAL_MSG_STORE_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:401:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CONTACT_FLAG_STORE_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:402:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SPECIALITY_CODE_ID_STORE_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:403:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SPECIALITY_CODE_NAME_STORE_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:404:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CODE_IMAGE_STORE_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:405:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PRIORITY_STORE_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:406:	Avoid excessively long variable names like STORE_LIST_ALT_TEXT_STORE_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:407:	Avoid excessively long variable names like STORE_LIST_TITLE_TEXT_STORE_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:408:	Avoid excessively long variable names like IMG_LOC_STORE_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:409:	Avoid excessively long variable names like IMG_ALT_TEXT_STORE_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:410:	Avoid excessively long variable names like IMG_TITLE_TEXT_STORE_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:411:	Avoid excessively long variable names like LEGEND_FILE_LOC_STORE_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:412:	Avoid excessively long variable names like LEGEND_ALT_TEXT_STORE_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:413:	Avoid excessively long variable names like LEGEND_TITLE_TEXT_STORE_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:414:	Avoid excessively long variable names like BOPUS_STORE_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:416:	Avoid excessively long variable names like BILLING_ADDRESS_COUNTRY_ITEM_DESCRIPTOR
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:417:	Avoid excessively long variable names like COUNTRY_NAME_PROPERTY
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:418:	Avoid excessively long variable names like COUNTRY_CODE_PROPERTY
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:422:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ECO_FEE_ITEM_DESCRIPTOR
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:423:	Avoid excessively long variable names like STATE_ECO_FEE_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:424:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SKU_ECO_FEE_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:427:	Avoid excessively long variable names like COUPON_RULES_ITEM_DESCRIPTOR
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:428:	Avoid excessively long variable names like COUPON_RULES_SKU_ID
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:429:	Avoid excessively long variable names like COUPON_RULES_VENDOR_ID
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:430:	Avoid excessively long variable names like COUPON_RULES_DEPT_ID
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:431:	Avoid excessively long variable names like COUPON_RULES_SUB_DEPT_ID
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:432:	Avoid excessively long variable names like COUPON_RULES_CLASS
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:435:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REGISTRY_CATEGORY_ITEM_DESCRIPTOR
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:436:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REGISTRY_PRICE_BUCKET_ITEM_DESCRIPTOR
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:437:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CATEGORY_NAME_REG_CAT_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:438:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REGISTRY_TYPE_CATEGORY_ITEM_DESCRIPTOR
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:439:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REGISTRY_CAT_REG_TYPE_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:440:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ADD_ITEM_FLAG_REG_CAT_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:441:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CATEGORY_ID_REG_CAT_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:442:	Avoid excessively long variable names like MIN_PRICE_REG_PRICE_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:443:	Avoid excessively long variable names like MAX_PRICE_REG_PRICE_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:444:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PRICE_RANGE_REG_PRICE_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:445:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CATEGORY_SORT_TYPE
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:446:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REG_CAT_TYPE_REG_CAT_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:447:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REG_PROMO_BOX_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:451:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CHAT_URL_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:452:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CHAT_GLOBAL_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:453:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CHAT_PDP_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:454:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CHAT_PDP_OVERRIDE_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:455:	Avoid excessively long variable names like DAAS_PDP_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:456:	Avoid excessively long variable names like DAAS_PDP_OVERRIDE_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:457:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CHAT_WEEKDAY_OPEN_TIME_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:458:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CHAT_WEEKDAY_CLOSE_TIME_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:459:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CHAT_WEEKEND_OPEN_TIME_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:460:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CHAT_WEEKEND_CLOSE_TIME_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:461:	Avoid excessively long variable names like TIMEZONES_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:462:	Avoid excessively long variable names like TIMEZONE_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:473:	Avoid variables with short names like US
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:475:	Avoid variables with short names like CA
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:476:	Avoid excessively long variable names like BED_BATH_US_SITE_CODE
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:477:	Avoid excessively long variable names like BUY_BUY_BABY_SITE_CODE
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:480:	Avoid excessively long variable names like DESCRIPTION_JDA_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:481:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CLASS_ITEM_DESCRIPTOR
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:487:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ZIP_CODE_SAPERATER
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:489:	Avoid excessively long variable names like RESTRICTED_SKU_ZIP_CODES
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:494:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PRICE_LIST_ATTRIBUTE
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:497:	Avoid excessively long variable names like VDC_ATTRIBUTES_LIST
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:502:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CHAT_LINK_PLACEHOLDER
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:505:	Avoid excessively long variable names like BCC_MANAGED_CATEGORY
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:508:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PAGE_ORDER_ITEM_DESCRIPTOR
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:509:	Avoid excessively long variable names like TABS_ITEM_DESCRIPTOR
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:510:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PAGE_NAME_PROPERTY
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:511:	Avoid excessively long variable names like TABS_LIST_PROPERTY
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:515:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PRODUCT_CHILD_PRODUCTS
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:523:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SITE_CONFIGURATION
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:524:	Avoid excessively long variable names like DEFAULT_PRICE_LIST
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:525:	Avoid excessively long variable names like DEFAULT_SALE_PRICE_LIST
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:531:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ATTRIBUTE_VALUE_STRING
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:538:	Avoid excessively long variable names like DISLPAY_ASK_AND_ANSWER
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:545:	Avoid excessively long variable names like DEFAULTSORTINGOPTION
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:546:	Avoid excessively long variable names like DEFAULTSORTINGOPTIONS
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:550:	Avoid excessively long variable names like MOBILE_LEGACYURL_BED_BATH_US
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:551:	Avoid excessively long variable names like MOBILE_LEGACYURL_BUYBUYBABY
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:552:	Avoid excessively long variable names like MOBILE_LEGACYURL_BED_BATH_CA
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:554:	Avoid excessively long variable names like MOBILE_LEGACY_ERR_URL_BED_BATH_US
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:555:	Avoid excessively long variable names like MOBILE_LEGACY_ERR_URL_BUYBUYBABY
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:556:	Avoid excessively long variable names like MOBILE_LEGACY_ERR_URL_BED_BATH_CA
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:570:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ASK_ANSWER_DEFAULT_VALUE
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogConstants.java:573:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SIMILAR_PRODUCT_IGNORE_LIST_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogTools.java:4:	A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogTools.java:4:	This class has a bunch of public methods and attributes
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogTools.java:50:	Avoid excessively long variable names like calculateAboveBelowLine
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogTools.java:50:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogTools.java:52:	Avoid excessively long variable names like calculateAboveBelowLine
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogTools.java:52:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogTools.java:55:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogTools.java:57:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogTools.java:60:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogTools.java:63:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogTools.java:66:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogTools.java:69:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogTools.java:72:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogTools.java:75:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogTools.java:78:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogTools.java:78:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'SubTotalAmount' starts with uppercase character.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogTools.java:81:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogTools.java:84:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogTools.java:84:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'ShippingMethodId' starts with uppercase character.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogTools.java:87:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogTools.java:90:	Avoid excessively long variable names like showMilitaryStates
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogTools.java:90:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogTools.java:93:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogTools.java:96:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogTools.java:97:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogTools.java:100:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogTools.java:103:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogTools.java:106:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogTools.java:108:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogTools.java:111:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogTools.java:114:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogTools.java:116:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogTools.java:119:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogTools.java:122:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogTools.java:125:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogTools.java:128:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogTools.java:131:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogTools.java:134:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogTools.java:137:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogTools.java:139:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogTools.java:140:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogTools.java:142:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogTools.java:144:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogTools.java:145:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogTools.java:146:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogTools.java:147:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogTools.java:148:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogTools.java:149:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogTools.java:150:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogTools.java:151:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogTools.java:152:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogTools.java:153:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogTools.java:155:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogTools.java:157:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogTools.java:158:	Avoid excessively long variable names like rollUpTypeValueMap
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogTools.java:160:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogTools.java:161:	Avoid excessively long variable names like calculateAboveBelowLine
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogTools.java:163:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogTools.java:164:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogTools.java:165:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogTools.java:166:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogTools.java:167:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogTools.java:168:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogTools.java:169:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogTools.java:170:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogTools.java:171:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogTools.java:172:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogTools.java:173:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogTools.java:174:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogTools.java:176:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogTools.java:178:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogTools.java:179:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogTools.java:181:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogTools.java:182:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogTools.java:183:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogTools.java:184:	Avoid excessively long variable names like categoryRepositoryItem
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogTools.java:184:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogTools.java:185:	Avoid excessively long variable names like productRepositoryItem
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogTools.java:185:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogTools.java:186:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogTools.java:187:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogTools.java:188:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogTools.java:189:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogTools.java:190:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogTools.java:191:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogTools.java:192:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogTools.java:193:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogTools.java:194:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogTools.java:195:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogTools.java:196:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogTools.java:197:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogTools.java:198:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogTools.java:199:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogTools.java:200:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogTools.java:201:	Avoid excessively long variable names like activeParentNotReqd
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogTools.java:201:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogTools.java:202:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogTools.java:203:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogTools.java:203:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'SkuId' starts with uppercase character.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogTools.java:204:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogTools.java:205:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogTools.java:206:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogTools.java:207:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogTools.java:208:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogTools.java:209:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogTools.java:210:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogTools.java:211:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogTools.java:212:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogTools.java:213:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogTools.java:215:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogTools.java:216:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogTools.java:217:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogTools.java:218:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogTools.java:219:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogTools.java:221:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogTools.java:222:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogTools.java:224:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogTools.java:225:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogTools.java:226:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogTools.java:227:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogTools.java:228:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogTools.java:229:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogTools.java:229:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogTools.java:231:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogTools.java:232:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogTools.java:233:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogTools.java:234:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogTools.java:237:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogTools.java:240:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogTools.java:242:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogTools.java:243:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogTools.java:244:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogTools.java:246:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogTools.java:247:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogTools.java:248:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogTools.java:250:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogTools.java:252:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogTools.java:253:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogTools.java:254:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogTools.java:255:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogTools.java:256:	Avoid excessively long variable names like productRepositoryItem
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogTools.java:256:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogTools.java:259:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogTools.java:261:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogTools.java:261:	Method names should not start with capital letters
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogTools.java:262:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogTools.java:265:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogTools.java:266:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBConfigTools.java:6:	Avoid unused imports such as 'atg.nucleus.GenericService'
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBConfigTools.java:6:	Avoid unused imports such as 'atg.nucleus.GenericService'
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBConfigTools.java:13:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBConfigTools.java:16:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBConfigToolsImpl.java:30:	The class 'BBBConfigToolsImpl' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 18).
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBConfigToolsImpl.java:32:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CONFIG_KEYS_NOT_AVAILABLE
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBConfigToolsImpl.java:33:	Avoid excessively long variable names like UNABLE_TO_RETRIEVE_DATA_FROM_REPOSITORY_REPOSITORY_EXCEPTION
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBConfigToolsImpl.java:35:	Avoid excessively long variable names like configureRepository
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBConfigToolsImpl.java:118:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'configKeyValue' (lines '118'-'151').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBConfigToolsImpl.java:118:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'value' (lines '118'-'180').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBConfigToolsImpl.java:118:	The method 'getAllValuesForKey' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 18.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBConfigToolsImpl.java:118:	The method getAllValuesForKey() has an NPath complexity of 1314
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBConfigToolsImpl.java:123:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'allValues' (lines '123'-'210').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBConfigToolsImpl.java:124:	Avoid excessively long variable names like configValueForConfigKeys
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBConfigToolsImpl.java:124:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'configValueForConfigKeys' (lines '124'-'135').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBConfigToolsImpl.java:124:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'configValueForConfigKeys' (lines '124'-'210').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBConfigToolsImpl.java:154:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'configKeys'.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBConfigToolsImpl.java:156:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'keyValue' (lines '156'-'161').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBConfigToolsImpl.java:156:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'keyValue' (lines '156'-'170').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBConfigToolsImpl.java:156:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'keyValue' (lines '156'-'210').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBConfigToolsImpl.java:157:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBConfigToolsImpl.java:177:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBConfigToolsImpl.java:223:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'configKeyValue' (lines '223'-'249').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBConfigToolsImpl.java:223:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'key' (lines '223'-'259').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBConfigToolsImpl.java:223:	The method 'getConfigValueByconfigType' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 13.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBConfigToolsImpl.java:226:	Avoid excessively long variable names like configValueForConfigKeys
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBConfigToolsImpl.java:226:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'configValueForConfigKeys' (lines '226'-'296').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBConfigToolsImpl.java:259:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBConfigToolsImpl.java:303:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'repositoryItems' (lines '303'-'325').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBConfigToolsImpl.java:303:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'repositoryItems' (lines '303'-'332').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/MediaTranslation.java:34:	The class 'MediaTranslation' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 17).
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/MediaTranslation.java:61:	Avoid variables with short names like pd
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/MediaTranslation.java:61:	Local variable 'pd' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/MediaTranslation.java:67:	Parameter 'mScene7URL' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/MediaTranslation.java:73:	Avoid variables with short names like pd
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/MediaTranslation.java:73:	Local variable 'pd' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/MediaTranslation.java:79:	Parameter 'mAppendValue' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/MediaTranslation.java:98:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pDerivedPropertyOnLeft
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/MediaTranslation.java:98:	Avoid long parameter lists.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/MediaTranslation.java:98:	Parameter 'pDerivedPropertyOnLeft' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/MediaTranslation.java:98:	Parameter 'pQueryType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/MediaTranslation.java:99:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pCountDerivedProperty
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/MediaTranslation.java:99:	Parameter 'pCountDerivedProperty' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/MediaTranslation.java:99:	Parameter 'pOperator' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/MediaTranslation.java:99:	Parameter 'pOther' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/MediaTranslation.java:100:	Parameter 'pIgnoreCase' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/MediaTranslation.java:100:	Parameter 'pMinScore' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/MediaTranslation.java:101:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pSearchStringFormat
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/MediaTranslation.java:101:	Parameter 'pItemQuery' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/MediaTranslation.java:101:	Parameter 'pSearchStringFormat' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/MediaTranslation.java:102:	Parameter 'pBuilder' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/MediaTranslation.java:102:	Parameter 'pParentProperty' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/MediaTranslation.java:103:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pChildPropertyList
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/MediaTranslation.java:103:	Parameter 'pChildPropertyList' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/MediaTranslation.java:116:	Parameter 'pItem' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/MediaTranslation.java:116:	The method 'derivePropertyValue' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 17.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/MediaTranslation.java:116:	The method derivePropertyValue() has an NPath complexity of 784
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/MediaTranslation.java:122:	Local variable 'exps' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/MediaTranslation.java:123:	Avoid variables with short names like pe
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/MediaTranslation.java:124:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'value' (lines '124'-'138').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/MediaTranslation.java:124:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'value' (lines '124'-'189').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/MediaTranslation.java:125:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'propName' (lines '125'-'134').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/MediaTranslation.java:125:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'propName' (lines '125'-'189').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/MediaTranslation.java:128:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0) with calls to isEmpty()
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/MediaTranslation.java:134:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'propName' (lines '134'-'189').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/MediaTranslation.java:138:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'value' (lines '138'-'189').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/MediaTranslation.java:154:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/MediaTranslation.java:156:	Local variable 'appendValue' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/MediaTranslation.java:157:	Local variable 'scene7URL' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/MediaTranslation.java:159:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/MediaTranslation.java:161:	Local variable 'scene7URLValue' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/MediaTranslation.java:163:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/MediaTranslation.java:191:	Parameter 'pItem' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/MediaTranslation.java:191:	Parameter 'pPropertyName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/MediaTranslation.java:207:	Parameter 'pBean' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteLocaleTranslation.java:40:	The class 'SiteLocaleTranslation' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 5 (Highest = 40).
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteLocaleTranslation.java:50:	Avoid excessively long variable names like DEFAULT_LANGUAGE_ATTR
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteLocaleTranslation.java:61:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mDefaultSiteAttribute
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteLocaleTranslation.java:62:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mDefaultLanguageAttribute
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteLocaleTranslation.java:87:	Avoid variables with short names like pd
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteLocaleTranslation.java:87:	Local variable 'pd' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteLocaleTranslation.java:97:	Avoid variables with short names like pd
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteLocaleTranslation.java:97:	Local variable 'pd' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteLocaleTranslation.java:105:	Avoid variables with short names like pd
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteLocaleTranslation.java:105:	Local variable 'pd' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteLocaleTranslation.java:115:	Avoid variables with short names like pd
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteLocaleTranslation.java:115:	Local variable 'pd' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteLocaleTranslation.java:123:	Avoid variables with short names like pd
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteLocaleTranslation.java:123:	Local variable 'pd' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteLocaleTranslation.java:131:	Avoid variables with short names like pd
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteLocaleTranslation.java:131:	Local variable 'pd' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteLocaleTranslation.java:151:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pDerivedPropertyOnLeft
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteLocaleTranslation.java:151:	Avoid long parameter lists.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteLocaleTranslation.java:151:	Parameter 'pDerivedPropertyOnLeft' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteLocaleTranslation.java:151:	Parameter 'pQueryType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteLocaleTranslation.java:152:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pCountDerivedProperty
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteLocaleTranslation.java:152:	Parameter 'pCountDerivedProperty' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteLocaleTranslation.java:152:	Parameter 'pOperator' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteLocaleTranslation.java:152:	Parameter 'pOther' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteLocaleTranslation.java:153:	Parameter 'pIgnoreCase' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteLocaleTranslation.java:153:	Parameter 'pMinScore' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteLocaleTranslation.java:154:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pSearchStringFormat
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteLocaleTranslation.java:154:	Parameter 'pItemQuery' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteLocaleTranslation.java:154:	Parameter 'pSearchStringFormat' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteLocaleTranslation.java:155:	Parameter 'pBuilder' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteLocaleTranslation.java:155:	Parameter 'pParentProperty' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteLocaleTranslation.java:156:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pChildPropertyList
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteLocaleTranslation.java:156:	Parameter 'pChildPropertyList' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteLocaleTranslation.java:169:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteLocaleTranslation.java:169:	Parameter 'pItem' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteLocaleTranslation.java:169:	The method 'derivePropertyValue' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 40.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteLocaleTranslation.java:169:	The method derivePropertyValue() has an NPath complexity of 874496
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteLocaleTranslation.java:175:	Local variable 'exps' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteLocaleTranslation.java:177:	Avoid variables with short names like pe
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteLocaleTranslation.java:178:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'value' (lines '178'-'192').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteLocaleTranslation.java:178:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'value' (lines '178'-'305').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteLocaleTranslation.java:179:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'propName' (lines '179'-'188').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteLocaleTranslation.java:179:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'propName' (lines '179'-'305').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteLocaleTranslation.java:182:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0) with calls to isEmpty()
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteLocaleTranslation.java:188:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'propName' (lines '188'-'305').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteLocaleTranslation.java:192:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'value' (lines '192'-'305').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteLocaleTranslation.java:223:	Local variable 'keySvice' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteLocaleTranslation.java:224:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteLocaleTranslation.java:243:	Local variable 'repositoryId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteLocaleTranslation.java:248:	Local variable 'translationName' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteLocaleTranslation.java:249:	Local variable 'property' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteLocaleTranslation.java:251:	Local variable 'translations' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteLocaleTranslation.java:261:	Local variable 'translation' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteLocaleTranslation.java:281:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteLocaleTranslation.java:307:	Parameter 'pItem' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteLocaleTranslation.java:307:	Parameter 'pPropertyName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteLocaleTranslation.java:323:	Parameter 'pBean' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteLocaleTranslation.java:343:	Avoid excessively long variable names like repositoryKeyService
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteLocaleTranslation.java:343:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'repositoryKeyService' (lines '343'-'355').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteLocaleTranslation.java:344:	Local variable 'nucleus' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteLocaleTranslation.java:347:	Local variable 'keyService' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteLocaleTranslation.java:349:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteOnlyTranslation.java:39:	The class 'SiteOnlyTranslation' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 27).
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteOnlyTranslation.java:50:	Avoid excessively long variable names like inventoryRepositoryPath
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteOnlyTranslation.java:52:	Avoid excessively long variable names like inventoryRepository
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteOnlyTranslation.java:73:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mDefaultSiteAttribute
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteOnlyTranslation.java:77:	Avoid variables with short names like pd
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteOnlyTranslation.java:77:	Local variable 'pd' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteOnlyTranslation.java:83:	Parameter 'mDefaultProperty' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteOnlyTranslation.java:89:	Avoid variables with short names like pd
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteOnlyTranslation.java:89:	Local variable 'pd' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteOnlyTranslation.java:95:	Parameter 'mItemType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteOnlyTranslation.java:101:	Avoid variables with short names like pd
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteOnlyTranslation.java:101:	Local variable 'pd' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteOnlyTranslation.java:120:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pDerivedPropertyOnLeft
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteOnlyTranslation.java:120:	Avoid long parameter lists.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteOnlyTranslation.java:120:	Parameter 'pDerivedPropertyOnLeft' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteOnlyTranslation.java:120:	Parameter 'pQueryType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteOnlyTranslation.java:121:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pCountDerivedProperty
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteOnlyTranslation.java:121:	Parameter 'pCountDerivedProperty' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteOnlyTranslation.java:121:	Parameter 'pOperator' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteOnlyTranslation.java:121:	Parameter 'pOther' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteOnlyTranslation.java:122:	Parameter 'pIgnoreCase' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteOnlyTranslation.java:122:	Parameter 'pMinScore' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteOnlyTranslation.java:123:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pSearchStringFormat
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteOnlyTranslation.java:123:	Parameter 'pItemQuery' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteOnlyTranslation.java:123:	Parameter 'pSearchStringFormat' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteOnlyTranslation.java:124:	Parameter 'pBuilder' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteOnlyTranslation.java:124:	Parameter 'pParentProperty' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteOnlyTranslation.java:125:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pChildPropertyList
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteOnlyTranslation.java:125:	Parameter 'pChildPropertyList' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteOnlyTranslation.java:138:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteOnlyTranslation.java:138:	Parameter 'pItem' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteOnlyTranslation.java:138:	The method 'derivePropertyValue' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 27.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteOnlyTranslation.java:138:	The method derivePropertyValue() has an NPath complexity of 19080
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteOnlyTranslation.java:144:	Local variable 'exps' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteOnlyTranslation.java:146:	Avoid variables with short names like pe
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteOnlyTranslation.java:147:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'value' (lines '147'-'160').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteOnlyTranslation.java:147:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'value' (lines '147'-'249').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteOnlyTranslation.java:148:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'propName' (lines '148'-'156').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteOnlyTranslation.java:148:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'propName' (lines '148'-'249').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteOnlyTranslation.java:151:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0) with calls to isEmpty()
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteOnlyTranslation.java:156:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'propName' (lines '156'-'249').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteOnlyTranslation.java:160:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'value' (lines '160'-'249').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteOnlyTranslation.java:166:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteOnlyTranslation.java:177:	Local variable 'siteId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteOnlyTranslation.java:198:	Local variable 'itemType' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteOnlyTranslation.java:210:	Local variable 'translations' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteOnlyTranslation.java:221:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteOnlyTranslation.java:225:	Avoid excessively long variable names like translationDetailRetValue
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteOnlyTranslation.java:225:	Local variable 'translationDetailRetValue' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteOnlyTranslation.java:227:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteOnlyTranslation.java:251:	Parameter 'pItem' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteOnlyTranslation.java:251:	Parameter 'pPropertyName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteOnlyTranslation.java:267:	Parameter 'pBean' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteProperty.java:15:	The class 'SiteProperty' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 36).
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteProperty.java:18:	Avoid excessively long variable names like inventoryRepository
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteProperty.java:22:	Avoid excessively long variable names like inventoryIdForTest
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteProperty.java:35:	Parameter 'pSeoRepository' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteProperty.java:49:	Parameter 'pSeoIdForTest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteProperty.java:63:	Parameter 'pPrdIdForTest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteProperty.java:77:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pCatalogRepository
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteProperty.java:77:	Parameter 'pCatalogRepository' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteProperty.java:91:	Parameter 'pSkuIdForTest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteProperty.java:101:	Avoid excessively long variable names like inventoryIdForTest
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteProperty.java:101:	Parameter 'inventoryIdForTest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteProperty.java:109:	Avoid excessively long variable names like inventoryRepository
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteProperty.java:109:	Parameter 'inventoryRepository' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteProperty.java:113:	The method 'seoPrint' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 13.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteProperty.java:113:	The method seoPrint() has an NPath complexity of 260
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteProperty.java:115:	Local variable 'seoId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteProperty.java:118:	Local variable 'seoRepositoryItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteProperty.java:119:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteProperty.java:121:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'titleDefault' (lines '121'-'171').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteProperty.java:121:	Local variable 'titleDefault' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteProperty.java:125:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'title' (lines '125'-'171').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteProperty.java:125:	Local variable 'title' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteProperty.java:128:	The String literal "---------------------------------------" appears 10 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 128
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteProperty.java:131:	Avoid excessively long variable names like descriptionDefault
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteProperty.java:131:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'descriptionDefault' (lines '131'-'171').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteProperty.java:131:	Local variable 'descriptionDefault' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteProperty.java:135:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'description' (lines '135'-'171').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteProperty.java:135:	Local variable 'description' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteProperty.java:141:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'keywordsDefault' (lines '141'-'171').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteProperty.java:141:	Local variable 'keywordsDefault' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteProperty.java:145:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'keywords' (lines '145'-'171').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteProperty.java:145:	Local variable 'keywords' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteProperty.java:151:	Avoid excessively long variable names like displayNameDefault
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteProperty.java:151:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'displayNameDefault' (lines '151'-'171').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteProperty.java:151:	Local variable 'displayNameDefault' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteProperty.java:155:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'displayName' (lines '155'-'171').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteProperty.java:155:	Local variable 'displayName' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteProperty.java:173:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteProperty.java:173:	The method 'sitePrint' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 36.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteProperty.java:173:	The method sitePrint() has an NCSS line count of 114
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteProperty.java:173:	The method sitePrint() has an NPath complexity of 340789802
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteProperty.java:175:	Local variable 'skuId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteProperty.java:176:	Local variable 'prdId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteProperty.java:179:	Avoid excessively long variable names like prodRepositoryItem
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteProperty.java:179:	Local variable 'prodRepositoryItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteProperty.java:180:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteProperty.java:181:	Local variable 'displayNameDef' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteProperty.java:185:	Local variable 'displayName' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteProperty.java:190:	Local variable 'webOnlyDef' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteProperty.java:194:	Local variable 'webOnly' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteProperty.java:200:	Local variable 'webOfferedDefault' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteProperty.java:204:	Local variable 'webOffered' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteProperty.java:210:	Avoid excessively long variable names like prodDisableDefault
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteProperty.java:210:	Local variable 'prodDisableDefault' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteProperty.java:214:	Local variable 'prodDisable' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteProperty.java:220:	Avoid excessively long variable names like skuLowPriceDefault
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteProperty.java:220:	Local variable 'skuLowPriceDefault' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteProperty.java:224:	Local variable 'skuLowPrice' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteProperty.java:230:	Avoid excessively long variable names like skuHighPriceDefault
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteProperty.java:230:	Local variable 'skuHighPriceDefault' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteProperty.java:234:	Local variable 'skuHighPrice' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteProperty.java:242:	Local variable 'scene7URL' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteProperty.java:247:	Local variable 'thumbnailImage' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteProperty.java:252:	Local variable 'smallImage' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteProperty.java:257:	Local variable 'largeImage' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteProperty.java:262:	Local variable 'mediumImage' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteProperty.java:267:	Avoid excessively long variable names like collectionThumbnail
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteProperty.java:267:	Local variable 'collectionThumbnail' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteProperty.java:281:	Local variable 'skuRepositoryItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteProperty.java:282:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteProperty.java:283:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shippingSurchargeDefault
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteProperty.java:283:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'shippingSurchargeDefault' (lines '283'-'347').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteProperty.java:283:	Local variable 'shippingSurchargeDefault' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteProperty.java:289:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'shippingSurcharge' (lines '289'-'347').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteProperty.java:289:	Local variable 'shippingSurcharge' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteProperty.java:294:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'scene7URL' (lines '294'-'347').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteProperty.java:294:	Local variable 'scene7URL' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteProperty.java:300:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'thumbnailImage' (lines '300'-'347').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteProperty.java:300:	Local variable 'thumbnailImage' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteProperty.java:305:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'smallImage' (lines '305'-'347').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteProperty.java:305:	Local variable 'smallImage' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteProperty.java:310:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'largeImage' (lines '310'-'347').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteProperty.java:310:	Local variable 'largeImage' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteProperty.java:315:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'mediumImage' (lines '315'-'347').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteProperty.java:315:	Local variable 'mediumImage' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteProperty.java:326:	Avoid excessively long variable names like inventoryRepositoryItem
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteProperty.java:326:	Local variable 'inventoryRepositoryItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteProperty.java:328:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'afs' (lines '328'-'334').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteProperty.java:329:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'alt_afs' (lines '329'-'335').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteProperty.java:329:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'alt_afs' is not final.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteProperty.java:330:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'igr' (lines '330'-'336').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteProperty.java:334:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'afs' (lines '334'-'347').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteProperty.java:335:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'alt_afs' (lines '335'-'347').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteProperty.java:336:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'igr' (lines '336'-'347').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteTranslation.java:41:	The class 'SiteTranslation' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 5 (Highest = 44).
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteTranslation.java:51:	Avoid excessively long variable names like DEFAULT_LANGUAGE_ATTR
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteTranslation.java:61:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ATTRIBUTE_PROPERTY
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteTranslation.java:70:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mDefaultSiteAttribute
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteTranslation.java:71:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mDefaultLanguageAttribute
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteTranslation.java:96:	Avoid variables with short names like pd
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteTranslation.java:96:	Local variable 'pd' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteTranslation.java:106:	Avoid variables with short names like pd
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteTranslation.java:106:	Local variable 'pd' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteTranslation.java:114:	Avoid variables with short names like pd
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteTranslation.java:114:	Local variable 'pd' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteTranslation.java:124:	Avoid variables with short names like pd
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteTranslation.java:124:	Local variable 'pd' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteTranslation.java:132:	Avoid variables with short names like pd
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteTranslation.java:132:	Local variable 'pd' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteTranslation.java:140:	Avoid variables with short names like pd
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteTranslation.java:140:	Local variable 'pd' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteTranslation.java:159:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pDerivedPropertyOnLeft
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteTranslation.java:159:	Avoid long parameter lists.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteTranslation.java:159:	Parameter 'pDerivedPropertyOnLeft' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteTranslation.java:159:	Parameter 'pQueryType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteTranslation.java:160:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pCountDerivedProperty
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteTranslation.java:160:	Parameter 'pCountDerivedProperty' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteTranslation.java:160:	Parameter 'pOperator' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteTranslation.java:160:	Parameter 'pOther' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteTranslation.java:161:	Parameter 'pIgnoreCase' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteTranslation.java:161:	Parameter 'pMinScore' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteTranslation.java:162:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pSearchStringFormat
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteTranslation.java:162:	Parameter 'pItemQuery' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteTranslation.java:162:	Parameter 'pSearchStringFormat' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteTranslation.java:163:	Parameter 'pBuilder' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteTranslation.java:163:	Parameter 'pParentProperty' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteTranslation.java:164:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pChildPropertyList
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteTranslation.java:164:	Parameter 'pChildPropertyList' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteTranslation.java:177:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteTranslation.java:177:	Parameter 'pItem' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteTranslation.java:177:	The method 'derivePropertyValue' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 44.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteTranslation.java:177:	The method derivePropertyValue() has an NPath complexity of 3151872
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteTranslation.java:183:	Local variable 'exps' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteTranslation.java:185:	Avoid variables with short names like pe
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteTranslation.java:186:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'value' (lines '186'-'202').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteTranslation.java:186:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'value' (lines '186'-'325').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteTranslation.java:187:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'propName' (lines '187'-'197').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteTranslation.java:187:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'propName' (lines '187'-'325').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteTranslation.java:191:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0) with calls to isEmpty()
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteTranslation.java:197:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'propName' (lines '197'-'325').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteTranslation.java:202:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'value' (lines '202'-'325').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteTranslation.java:236:	Local variable 'keySvice' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteTranslation.java:239:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteTranslation.java:256:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteTranslation.java:264:	Local variable 'repositoryId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteTranslation.java:269:	Local variable 'translationName' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteTranslation.java:270:	Local variable 'property' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteTranslation.java:272:	Local variable 'translations' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteTranslation.java:284:	Local variable 'translation' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteTranslation.java:327:	Parameter 'defaultValue' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteTranslation.java:327:	Parameter 'translation' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteTranslation.java:329:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'value' (lines '329'-'340').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteTranslation.java:329:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'value' (lines '329'-'343').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteTranslation.java:329:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'value' (lines '329'-'346').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteTranslation.java:329:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'value' (lines '329'-'349').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteTranslation.java:329:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'value' (lines '329'-'352').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteTranslation.java:329:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'value' (lines '329'-'361').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteTranslation.java:331:	Local variable 'stringValue' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteTranslation.java:332:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'intValue' (lines '332'-'361').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteTranslation.java:332:	Local variable 'intValue' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteTranslation.java:333:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'boolValue' (lines '333'-'361').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteTranslation.java:333:	Local variable 'boolValue' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteTranslation.java:334:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'clobValue' (lines '334'-'361').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteTranslation.java:334:	Local variable 'clobValue' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteTranslation.java:336:	Avoid excessively long variable names like attributeValueDate
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteTranslation.java:336:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'attributeValueDate' (lines '336'-'361').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteTranslation.java:336:	Local variable 'attributeValueDate' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteTranslation.java:339:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteTranslation.java:342:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteTranslation.java:345:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteTranslation.java:348:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteTranslation.java:351:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteTranslation.java:363:	Parameter 'pItem' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteTranslation.java:363:	Parameter 'pPropertyName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteTranslation.java:379:	Parameter 'pBean' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteTranslation.java:399:	Avoid excessively long variable names like repositoryKeyService
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteTranslation.java:399:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'repositoryKeyService' (lines '399'-'411').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteTranslation.java:400:	Local variable 'nucleus' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteTranslation.java:403:	Local variable 'keyService' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/SiteTranslation.java:405:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/AttributeVO.java:20:	Avoid excessively long variable names like attributeRepositoryItems
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/AttributeVO.java:24:	Avoid excessively long variable names like attributeRepositoryItems
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/AttributeVO.java:24:	Parameter 'attributeRepositoryItems' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/AttributeVO.java:34:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/AttributeVO.java:45:	Parameter 'attributeName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/AttributeVO.java:53:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/AttributeVO.java:66:	Parameter 'attributeDescrip' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/AttributeVO.java:74:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/AttributeVO.java:87:	Parameter 'imageURL' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/AttributeVO.java:95:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/AttributeVO.java:109:	Parameter 'actionURL' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/AttributeVO.java:118:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/AttributeVO.java:131:	Parameter 'placeHolder' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/AttributeVO.java:135:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/AttributeVO.java:142:	Parameter 'priority' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/AttributeVO.java:147:	Local variable 'toString' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/AttributeVO.java:147:	StringBuffer constructor is initialized with size 41, but has at least 59 characters appended.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/AttributeVO.java:148:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/AttributeVO.java:149:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/AttributeVO.java:149:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/AttributeVO.java:150:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/AttributeVO.java:150:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/AttributeVO.java:151:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/AttributeVO.java:151:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/AttributeVO.java:152:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/AttributeVO.java:152:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/AttributeVO.java:153:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/AttributeVO.java:162:	Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/AttributeVO.java:165:	Local variable 'pAttributeVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/AttributeVO.java:177:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/BazaarVoiceProductVO.java:16:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/BazaarVoiceProductVO.java:18:	Avoid excessively long variable names like averageOverallRating
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/BazaarVoiceProductVO.java:20:	Avoid excessively long variable names like overallRatingRange
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/BazaarVoiceProductVO.java:21:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ratingsOnlyReviewCount
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/BazaarVoiceProductVO.java:59:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pAverageOverallRating
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/BazaarVoiceProductVO.java:59:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pOverallRatingRange
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/BazaarVoiceProductVO.java:60:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pRatingsOnlyReviewCount
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/BazaarVoiceProductVO.java:160:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pAverageOverallRating
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/BazaarVoiceProductVO.java:188:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pOverallRatingRange
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/BazaarVoiceProductVO.java:202:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pRatingsOnlyReviewCount
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/BazaarVoiceVO.java:7:	Avoid excessively long variable names like bazaarVoiceProduct
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/BazaarVoiceVO.java:20:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pBazaarVoiceProduct
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/BazaarVoiceVO.java:20:	Parameter 'pBazaarVoiceProduct' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/BazaarVoiceVO.java:35:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pBazaarVoiceProduct
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/BazaarVoiceVO.java:35:	Parameter 'pBazaarVoiceProduct' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/BrandVO.java:26:	Parameter 'brandId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/BrandVO.java:27:	Parameter 'brandName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/BrandVO.java:28:	Parameter 'brandImage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/BrandVO.java:29:	Parameter 'brandImageAltText' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/BrandVO.java:105:	Parameter 'displayFlag' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/BrandVO.java:119:	Parameter 'brandDesc' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/BrandVO.java:127:	Parameter 'featuredBrandURL' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/BrandVO.java:131:	The method toString() has an NPath complexity of 15625
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/BrandVO.java:132:	Local variable 'toString' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/BrandVO.java:132:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/BrandVO.java:132:	StringBuffer constructor is initialized with size 37, but has at least 151 characters appended.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/BrandVO.java:133:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/BrandVO.java:133:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/BrandVO.java:133:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/BrandVO.java:133:	The String literal " NULL " appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 133
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/BrandVO.java:134:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/BrandVO.java:134:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/BrandVO.java:134:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/BrandVO.java:135:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/BrandVO.java:135:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/BrandVO.java:135:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/BrandVO.java:136:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/BrandVO.java:136:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/BrandVO.java:136:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/BrandVO.java:137:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/BrandVO.java:137:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/BrandVO.java:138:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/BrandVO.java:138:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/BrandVO.java:138:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/BrandVO.java:139:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/BrandVO.java:139:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/CategoryVO.java:9:	Avoid unused imports such as 'atg.repository.RepositoryItem'
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/CategoryVO.java:9:	Avoid unused imports such as 'atg.repository.RepositoryItem'
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/CategoryVO.java:11:	The class 'CategoryVO' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 1 (Highest = 17).
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/CategoryVO.java:11:	Too many fields
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/CategoryVO.java:16:	Avoid excessively long variable names like categoryDisplayType
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/CategoryVO.java:26:	Avoid excessively long variable names like chatLinkPlaceholder
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/CategoryVO.java:29:	Avoid excessively long variable names like displayAskAndAnswer
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/CategoryVO.java:39:	Avoid excessively long variable names like displayAskAndAnswer
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/CategoryVO.java:39:	Parameter 'displayAskAndAnswer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/CategoryVO.java:52:	Parameter 'sortOptionVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/CategoryVO.java:64:	Avoid excessively long variable names like chatLinkPlaceholder
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/CategoryVO.java:64:	Parameter 'chatLinkPlaceholder' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/CategoryVO.java:76:	Parameter 'pChatURL' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/CategoryVO.java:88:	Parameter 'pChatCode' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/CategoryVO.java:100:	Parameter 'phantomCategory' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/CategoryVO.java:117:	Parameter 'pIsChatEnabled' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/CategoryVO.java:127:	Avoid excessively long variable names like categoryDisplayType
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/CategoryVO.java:127:	Parameter 'categoryDisplayType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/CategoryVO.java:127:	Parameter 'categoryId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/CategoryVO.java:127:	Parameter 'categoryImage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/CategoryVO.java:127:	Parameter 'categoryName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/CategoryVO.java:128:	Parameter 'childProducts' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/CategoryVO.java:128:	Parameter 'subCategories' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/CategoryVO.java:147:	Parameter 'seoURL' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/CategoryVO.java:161:	Parameter 'categoryId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/CategoryVO.java:175:	Parameter 'categoryName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/CategoryVO.java:189:	Parameter 'categoryImage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/CategoryVO.java:203:	Avoid excessively long variable names like categoryDisplayType
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/CategoryVO.java:203:	Parameter 'categoryDisplayType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/CategoryVO.java:217:	Parameter 'subCategories' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/CategoryVO.java:231:	Parameter 'childProducts' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/CategoryVO.java:243:	Parameter 'isCollege' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/CategoryVO.java:255:	Parameter 'categoryKeywords' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/CategoryVO.java:267:	Parameter 'guideId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/CategoryVO.java:273:	Parameter 'categoryPageUrl' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/CategoryVO.java:280:	Parameter 'parentCategories' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/CategoryVO.java:286:	Parameter 'regionalCatUrlMap' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/CategoryVO.java:292:	Parameter 'regionalImgUrlMap' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/CategoryVO.java:295:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'catVO' (lines '295'-'305').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/CategoryVO.java:295:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'childProd' (lines '295'-'316').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/CategoryVO.java:295:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'keywrds' (lines '295'-'329').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/CategoryVO.java:295:	The method 'toString' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 17.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/CategoryVO.java:295:	The method toString() has an NPath complexity of 320000
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/CategoryVO.java:296:	Local variable 'toString' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/CategoryVO.java:296:	StringBuffer constructor is initialized with size 53, but has at least 257 characters appended.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/CategoryVO.java:297:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/CategoryVO.java:297:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/CategoryVO.java:298:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/CategoryVO.java:298:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/CategoryVO.java:299:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/CategoryVO.java:299:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/CategoryVO.java:299:	The String literal "NULL" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 299
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/CategoryVO.java:300:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/CategoryVO.java:302:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/CategoryVO.java:303:	Avoid variables with short names like i
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/CategoryVO.java:303:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'i' (lines '303'-'337').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/CategoryVO.java:304:	Local variable 'catVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/CategoryVO.java:305:	Avoid concatenating nonliterals in a StringBuffer/StringBuilder constructor or append().
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/CategoryVO.java:306:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/CategoryVO.java:306:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/CategoryVO.java:313:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/CategoryVO.java:314:	Avoid variables with short names like i
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/CategoryVO.java:315:	Local variable 'childProd' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/CategoryVO.java:316:	Avoid concatenating nonliterals in a StringBuffer/StringBuilder constructor or append().
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/CategoryVO.java:317:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/CategoryVO.java:317:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/CategoryVO.java:323:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/CategoryVO.java:323:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/CategoryVO.java:324:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/CategoryVO.java:324:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/CategoryVO.java:326:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/CategoryVO.java:327:	Avoid variables with short names like i
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/CategoryVO.java:328:	Local variable 'keywrds' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/CategoryVO.java:329:	Avoid concatenating nonliterals in a StringBuffer/StringBuilder constructor or append().
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/CategoryVO.java:330:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/CategoryVO.java:330:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/CollectionProductVO.java:11:	The class 'CollectionProductVO' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 2 (Highest = 10).
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/CollectionProductVO.java:15:	Avoid excessively long variable names like showImagesInCollection
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/CollectionProductVO.java:16:	Avoid excessively long variable names like collectionThumbnail
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/CollectionProductVO.java:19:	Parameter 'productVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/CollectionProductVO.java:38:	Parameter 'leadSKU' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/CollectionProductVO.java:52:	Parameter 'childProducts' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/CollectionProductVO.java:66:	Avoid excessively long variable names like showImagesInCollection
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/CollectionProductVO.java:66:	Parameter 'showImagesInCollection' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/CollectionProductVO.java:78:	Avoid excessively long variable names like collectionThumbnail
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/CollectionProductVO.java:78:	Parameter 'collectionThumbnail' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/CollectionProductVO.java:92:	Parameter 'collectionRollUp' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/CollectionProductVO.java:99:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'childProd' (lines '99'-'106').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/CollectionProductVO.java:99:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'rollUp' (lines '99'-'119').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/CollectionProductVO.java:99:	The method 'toString' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/CollectionProductVO.java:99:	The method toString() has an NPath complexity of 320
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/CollectionProductVO.java:100:	Local variable 'toString' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/CollectionProductVO.java:100:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/CollectionProductVO.java:100:	StringBuffer constructor is initialized with size 88, but has at least 235 characters appended.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/CollectionProductVO.java:101:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/CollectionProductVO.java:103:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/CollectionProductVO.java:104:	Avoid variables with short names like i
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/CollectionProductVO.java:104:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'i' (lines '104'-'127').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/CollectionProductVO.java:105:	Local variable 'childProd' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/CollectionProductVO.java:106:	Avoid concatenating nonliterals in a StringBuffer/StringBuilder constructor or append().
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/CollectionProductVO.java:107:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/CollectionProductVO.java:107:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/CollectionProductVO.java:113:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/CollectionProductVO.java:113:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/CollectionProductVO.java:114:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/CollectionProductVO.java:116:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/CollectionProductVO.java:117:	Avoid variables with short names like i
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/CollectionProductVO.java:118:	Local variable 'rollUp' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/CollectionProductVO.java:119:	Avoid concatenating nonliterals in a StringBuffer/StringBuilder constructor or append().
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/CollectionProductVO.java:120:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/CollegeVO.java:5:	Classes implementing Serializable should set a serialVersionUID
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/CollegeVO.java:9:	Field hashCode has the same name as a method
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/CollegeVO.java:68:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/CollegeVO.java:68:	StringBuffer constructor is initialized with size 39, but has at least 70 characters appended.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/CollegeVO.java:69:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/CollegeVO.java:69:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/CollegeVO.java:69:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/CollegeVO.java:69:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/CollegeVO.java:70:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/CollegeVO.java:77:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'compareResult'
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/CollegeVO.java:95:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'multiplier' (lines '95'-'105').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/CollegeVO.java:97:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'code' (lines '97'-'98').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/CreditCardTypeVO.java:20:	Document empty constructor
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/CreditCardTypeVO.java:23:	Avoid excessively long variable names like paymentCardRepoItem
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/CreditCardTypeVO.java:23:	Parameter 'paymentCardRepoItem' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/CreditCardTypeVO.java:40:	Parameter 'pCode' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/CreditCardTypeVO.java:54:	Parameter 'pName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/CreditCardTypeVO.java:68:	Parameter 'pImageURL' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/EcoFeeSKUVO.java:22:	Parameter 'pEcoFeeSKUId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/EcoFeeSKUVO.java:34:	Parameter 'pEcoFeeProductId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/EcoFeeSKUVO.java:38:	Local variable 'toString' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/EcoFeeSKUVO.java:38:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/EcoFeeSKUVO.java:38:	StringBuffer constructor is initialized with size 40, but has at least 58 characters appended.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/EcoFeeSKUVO.java:39:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/EcoFeeSKUVO.java:39:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/EcoFeeSKUVO.java:40:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/GiftWrapVO.java:13:	Document empty constructor
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/GiftWrapVO.java:17:	Parameter 'wrapProductId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/GiftWrapVO.java:17:	Parameter 'wrapSkuId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/GiftWrapVO.java:18:	Parameter 'wrapSkuPrice' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/GiftWrapVO.java:32:	Parameter 'wrapSkuId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/GiftWrapVO.java:44:	Parameter 'wrapProductId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/GiftWrapVO.java:56:	Parameter 'wrapSkuPrice' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/GiftWrapVO.java:61:	Local variable 'toString' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/GiftWrapVO.java:61:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/GiftWrapVO.java:61:	StringBuffer constructor is initialized with size 41, but has at least 89 characters appended.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/GiftWrapVO.java:62:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/GiftWrapVO.java:62:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/GiftWrapVO.java:63:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/GiftWrapVO.java:63:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/GiftWrapVO.java:64:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/ImageVO.java:21:	Avoid excessively long variable names like anywhereZoomAvailable
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/ImageVO.java:35:	Parameter 'pBasicImage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/ImageVO.java:37:	Local variable 'split' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/ImageVO.java:57:	Parameter 'swatchImage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/ImageVO.java:73:	Parameter 'thumbnailImage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/ImageVO.java:90:	Parameter 'smallImage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/ImageVO.java:107:	Parameter 'largeImage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/ImageVO.java:123:	Parameter 'zoomImageIndex' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/ImageVO.java:139:	Parameter 'zoomImage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/ImageVO.java:155:	Parameter 'mediumImage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/ImageVO.java:172:	Avoid excessively long variable names like anywhereZoomAvailable
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/ImageVO.java:172:	Parameter 'anywhereZoomAvailable' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/ImageVO.java:176:	The method toString() has an NPath complexity of 3125
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/ImageVO.java:177:	Local variable 'toString' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/ImageVO.java:177:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/ImageVO.java:177:	StringBuffer constructor is initialized with size 37, but has at least 169 characters appended.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/ImageVO.java:178:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/ImageVO.java:178:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/ImageVO.java:178:	The String literal "NULL" appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 178
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/ImageVO.java:179:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/ImageVO.java:179:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/ImageVO.java:180:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/ImageVO.java:180:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/ImageVO.java:181:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/ImageVO.java:181:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/ImageVO.java:182:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/ImageVO.java:182:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/ImageVO.java:183:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/ImageVO.java:183:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/ImageVO.java:184:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/ImageVO.java:184:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/ImageVO.java:185:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/InventoryInfoVO.java:15:	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/InventoryInfoVO.java:29:	Parameter 'pShopInventory' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/InventoryInfoVO.java:43:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pRegistryInventory
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/InventoryInfoVO.java:43:	Parameter 'pRegistryInventory' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/MediaVO.java:12:	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/MediaVO.java:26:	Parameter 'mediaType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/MediaVO.java:40:	Parameter 'providerId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/MediaVO.java:54:	Parameter 'mediaSource' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/MediaVO.java:68:	Parameter 'mediaDescription' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/MediaVO.java:82:	Parameter 'comments' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/MediaVO.java:96:	Parameter 'mediaTranscript' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/PDPAttributesVO.java:20:	Avoid excessively long variable names like askAndAnswerEnabled
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/PDPAttributesVO.java:24:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pdpChatOverrideFlag
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/PDPAttributesVO.java:26:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pdpDaasOverrideFlag
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/PDPAttributesVO.java:37:	Parameter 'pCategoryId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/PDPAttributesVO.java:49:	Parameter 'pIsChatEnabled' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/PDPAttributesVO.java:61:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pIsAskAndAnswerEnabled
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/PDPAttributesVO.java:61:	Parameter 'pIsAskAndAnswerEnabled' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/PDPAttributesVO.java:74:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pSiteChatOnOffFlag
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/PDPAttributesVO.java:74:	Parameter 'pSiteChatOnOffFlag' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/PDPAttributesVO.java:86:	Parameter 'pPdpChatOnOffFlag' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/PDPAttributesVO.java:98:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pPdpChatOverrideFlag
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/PDPAttributesVO.java:98:	Parameter 'pPdpChatOverrideFlag' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/PDPAttributesVO.java:110:	Parameter 'pdpDaasOnOffFlag' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/PDPAttributesVO.java:122:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pPdpDaasOverrideFlag
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/PDPAttributesVO.java:122:	Parameter 'pPdpDaasOverrideFlag' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/ProductTypeVO.java:6:	Avoid unused imports such as 'atg.repository.RepositoryItem'
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/ProductTypeVO.java:6:	Avoid unused imports such as 'atg.repository.RepositoryItem'
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/ProductTypeVO.java:8:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.utils.BBBUtility'
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/ProductTypeVO.java:8:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.utils.BBBUtility'
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/ProductTypeVO.java:22:	Parameter 'mapSkImfo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/ProductTypeVO.java:29:	Parameter 'productType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/ProductTypeVO.java:35:	Parameter 'childProductsId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/ProductVO.java:1:	This class has a bunch of public methods and attributes
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/ProductVO.java:14:	Too many fields
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/ProductVO.java:22:	Avoid excessively long variable names like priceRangeDescription
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/ProductVO.java:23:	Avoid excessively long variable names like salePriceRangeDescription
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/ProductVO.java:32:	Avoid excessively long variable names like productRepositoryItem
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/ProductVO.java:45:	Parameter 'disabled' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/ProductVO.java:57:	Parameter 'shopGuideId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/ProductVO.java:70:	Parameter 'seoUrl' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/ProductVO.java:77:	Avoid excessively long variable names like parentCategoryList
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/ProductVO.java:98:	Parameter 'productVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/ProductVO.java:101:	Overridable method 'isCollection' called during object construction
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/ProductVO.java:138:	Parameter 'productId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/ProductVO.java:152:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/ProductVO.java:166:	Parameter 'shortDescription' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/ProductVO.java:180:	Parameter 'longDescription' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/ProductVO.java:194:	Parameter 'productImages' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/ProductVO.java:208:	Parameter 'productBrand' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/ProductVO.java:222:	Parameter 'collection' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/ProductVO.java:236:	Avoid excessively long variable names like priceRangeDescription
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/ProductVO.java:236:	Parameter 'priceRangeDescription' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/ProductVO.java:250:	Avoid excessively long variable names like salePriceRangeDescription
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/ProductVO.java:250:	Parameter 'salePriceRangeDescription' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/ProductVO.java:265:	Parameter 'childSKUs' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/ProductVO.java:279:	Parameter 'productType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/ProductVO.java:293:	Parameter 'productTabs' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/ProductVO.java:307:	Parameter 'rollupAttributes' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/ProductVO.java:321:	Parameter 'productMedia' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/ProductVO.java:335:	Parameter 'attributesList' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/ProductVO.java:349:	Avoid excessively long variable names like productRepositoryItem
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/ProductVO.java:349:	Parameter 'productRepositoryItem' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/ProductVO.java:363:	Parameter 'bvReviews' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/ProductVO.java:377:	Parameter 'skuLowPrice' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/ProductVO.java:391:	Parameter 'skuHighPrice' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/ProductVO.java:400:	Avoid excessively long variable names like parentCategoryList
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/ProductVO.java:400:	Parameter 'parentCategoryList' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/ProductVO.java:408:	Parameter 'productPageUrl' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/ProductVO.java:416:	Parameter 'imageUrl' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/ProductVO.java:424:	Parameter 'ean' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/ProductVO.java:432:	Parameter 'mfPartNumber' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/ProductVO.java:440:	Parameter 'upcCode' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/ProductVO.java:448:	Parameter 'isbn' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/ProductVO.java:456:	Parameter 'regProductNames' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/ProductVO.java:464:	Parameter 'regDescriptions' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/ProductVO.java:472:	Parameter 'regProdPageUrl' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/ProductVO.java:480:	Parameter 'regImageUrl' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/ProductVO.java:488:	Parameter 'modelNumber' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/ProductVO.java:496:	Parameter 'brandId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/ProductVO.java:505:	Parameter 'prdRelationRollup' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/ProductVO.java:513:	Parameter 'zoomAvailable' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/ProductVO.java:521:	Parameter 'pGiftCertProduct' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/ProductVO.java:533:	Parameter 'department' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/RebateVO.java:16:	Avoid excessively long variable names like rebateRepositoryItem
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/RebateVO.java:17:	Document empty constructor
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/RebateVO.java:21:	Avoid excessively long variable names like rebateRepositoryItem
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/RebateVO.java:21:	Parameter 'rebateRepositoryItem' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/RebateVO.java:29:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/RebateVO.java:40:	Parameter 'rebateId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/RebateVO.java:48:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/RebateVO.java:59:	Parameter 'rebateDescription' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/RebateVO.java:67:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/RebateVO.java:78:	Parameter 'rebateURL' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/RebateVO.java:82:	Local variable 'toString' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/RebateVO.java:82:	StringBuffer constructor is initialized with size 38, but has at least 56 characters appended.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/RebateVO.java:83:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/RebateVO.java:84:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/RebateVO.java:84:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/RebateVO.java:85:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/RebateVO.java:85:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/RebateVO.java:86:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/RegistryCategoryMapVO.java:9:	Avoid excessively long variable names like recommendedCatFlag
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/RegistryCategoryMapVO.java:22:	Parameter 'catImage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/RegistryCategoryMapVO.java:34:	Parameter 'catSeoUrl' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/RegistryCategoryMapVO.java:46:	Parameter 'catName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/RegistryCategoryMapVO.java:58:	Parameter 'catId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/RegistryCategoryMapVO.java:70:	Parameter 'addItemFlag' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/RegistryCategoryMapVO.java:82:	Avoid excessively long variable names like recommendedCatFlag
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/RegistryCategoryMapVO.java:82:	Parameter 'recommendedCatFlag' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/RegistryTypeVO.java:20:	Avoid excessively long variable names like registryDescription
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/RegistryTypeVO.java:28:	Parameter 'repositoryItem' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/RegistryTypeVO.java:36:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/RegistryTypeVO.java:48:	Parameter 'pRegistryTypeId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/RegistryTypeVO.java:56:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/RegistryTypeVO.java:68:	Parameter 'pRegistryName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/RegistryTypeVO.java:77:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/RegistryTypeVO.java:89:	Parameter 'pRegistryCode' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/RegistryTypeVO.java:98:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/RegistryTypeVO.java:109:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pRegistryDescription
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/RegistryTypeVO.java:109:	Parameter 'pRegistryDescription' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/RegistryTypeVO.java:117:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/RegistryTypeVO.java:128:	Parameter 'pRegistryIndex' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/RegistryTypeVO.java:133:	Local variable 'toString' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/RegistryTypeVO.java:133:	StringBuffer constructor is initialized with size 45, but has at least 70 characters appended.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/RegistryTypeVO.java:134:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/RegistryTypeVO.java:135:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/RegistryTypeVO.java:135:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/RegistryTypeVO.java:136:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/RegistryTypeVO.java:136:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/RegistryTypeVO.java:137:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/RegistryTypeVO.java:137:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/RegistryTypeVO.java:138:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/RegistryTypeVO.java:138:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/RegistryTypeVO.java:139:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/RollupTypeVO.java:16:	Avoid excessively long variable names like thumbnailImagePath
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/RollupTypeVO.java:31:	Field hashCode has the same name as a method
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/RollupTypeVO.java:33:	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/RollupTypeVO.java:83:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/RollupTypeVO.java:83:	StringBuffer constructor is initialized with size 43, but has at least 96 characters appended.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/RollupTypeVO.java:84:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/RollupTypeVO.java:84:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/RollupTypeVO.java:85:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/RollupTypeVO.java:85:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/RollupTypeVO.java:86:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/RollupTypeVO.java:92:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'multiplier' (lines '92'-'101').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/RollupTypeVO.java:94:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'code' (lines '94'-'95').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/RollupTypeVO.java:120:	Avoid variables with short names like o
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/RollupTypeVO.java:122:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'compareResult'
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/RollupTypeVO.java:141:	Avoid excessively long variable names like thumbnailImagePath
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/SKUDetailVO.java:16:	The class 'SKUDetailVO' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 2 (Highest = 16).
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/SKUDetailVO.java:20:	Avoid excessively long variable names like nonShippableStates
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/SKUDetailVO.java:21:	Avoid excessively long variable names like eligibleShipMethods
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/SKUDetailVO.java:23:	Avoid excessively long variable names like commaSepNonShipableStates
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/SKUDetailVO.java:40:	Parameter 'parentProdId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/SKUDetailVO.java:50:	Parameter 'skuRepositoryItem' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/SKUDetailVO.java:67:	Parameter 'skuAttributes' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/SKUDetailVO.java:81:	Parameter 'freeShipMethods' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/SKUDetailVO.java:95:	Avoid excessively long variable names like nonShippableStates
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/SKUDetailVO.java:95:	Parameter 'nonShippableStates' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/SKUDetailVO.java:109:	Avoid excessively long variable names like eligibleShipMethods
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/SKUDetailVO.java:109:	Parameter 'eligibleShipMethods' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/SKUDetailVO.java:124:	Parameter 'eligibleRebates' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/SKUDetailVO.java:137:	Avoid excessively long variable names like commaSepNonShipableStates
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/SKUDetailVO.java:137:	Parameter 'commaSepNonShipableStates' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/SKUDetailVO.java:145:	Parameter 'hasRebate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/SKUDetailVO.java:154:	Parameter 'onSale' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/SKUDetailVO.java:162:	Parameter 'zoomAvailable' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/SKUDetailVO.java:166:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'attrVo' (lines '166'-'218').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/SKUDetailVO.java:166:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'key' (lines '166'-'213').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/SKUDetailVO.java:166:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'rebateVo' (lines '166'-'200').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/SKUDetailVO.java:166:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'shipVo' (lines '166'-'173').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/SKUDetailVO.java:166:	The method 'toString' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 16.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/SKUDetailVO.java:166:	The method toString() has an NPath complexity of 448
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/SKUDetailVO.java:168:	Local variable 'toString' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/SKUDetailVO.java:168:	StringBuffer constructor is initialized with size 16, but has at least 198 characters appended.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/SKUDetailVO.java:169:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/SKUDetailVO.java:171:	Avoid variables with short names like i
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/SKUDetailVO.java:171:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'i' (lines '171'-'232').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/SKUDetailVO.java:172:	Local variable 'shipVo' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/SKUDetailVO.java:173:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/SKUDetailVO.java:173:	Avoid concatenating nonliterals in a StringBuffer/StringBuilder constructor or append().
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/SKUDetailVO.java:180:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/SKUDetailVO.java:182:	Avoid variables with short names like i
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/SKUDetailVO.java:183:	Local variable 'shipVo' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/SKUDetailVO.java:184:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/SKUDetailVO.java:184:	Avoid concatenating nonliterals in a StringBuffer/StringBuilder constructor or append().
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/SKUDetailVO.java:191:	Avoid concatenating nonliterals in a StringBuffer/StringBuilder constructor or append().
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/SKUDetailVO.java:192:	Avoid concatenating nonliterals in a StringBuffer/StringBuilder constructor or append().
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/SKUDetailVO.java:193:	Avoid concatenating nonliterals in a StringBuffer/StringBuilder constructor or append().
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/SKUDetailVO.java:195:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/SKUDetailVO.java:197:	Avoid variables with short names like i
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/SKUDetailVO.java:198:	Local variable 'rebateVo' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/SKUDetailVO.java:200:	Avoid concatenating nonliterals in a StringBuffer/StringBuilder constructor or append().
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/SKUDetailVO.java:201:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/SKUDetailVO.java:210:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/SKUDetailVO.java:211:	Local variable 'keySet' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/SKUDetailVO.java:212:	Local variable 'key' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/SKUDetailVO.java:213:	Local variable 'attrList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/SKUDetailVO.java:214:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/SKUDetailVO.java:216:	Avoid variables with short names like i
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/SKUDetailVO.java:217:	Local variable 'attrVo' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/SKUDetailVO.java:218:	Avoid concatenating nonliterals in a StringBuffer/StringBuilder constructor or append().
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/SKUDetailVO.java:219:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/SKUDetailVO.java:219:	Avoid concatenating nonliterals in a StringBuffer/StringBuilder constructor or append().
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/SKUDetailVO.java:219:	Avoid concatenating nonliterals in a StringBuffer/StringBuilder constructor or append().
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/SKUDetailVO.java:240:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'attrVo' (lines '240'-'253').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/SKUDetailVO.java:240:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'key' (lines '240'-'250').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/SKUDetailVO.java:240:	The method 'isVdcSku' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/SKUDetailVO.java:241:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'vdcSkuFlag' (lines '241'-'258').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/SKUDetailVO.java:241:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'vdcSkuFlag' (lines '241'-'268').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/SKUDetailVO.java:243:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'vdcAttributesList' (lines '243'-'245').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/SKUDetailVO.java:243:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'vdcAttributesList' (lines '243'-'271').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/SKUDetailVO.java:245:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'vdcAttributesList' (lines '245'-'271').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/SKUDetailVO.java:248:	Local variable 'keySet' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/SKUDetailVO.java:249:	Local variable 'key' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/SKUDetailVO.java:250:	Local variable 'attrList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/SKUDetailVO.java:252:	Local variable 'attrVo' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/SKUDetailVO.java:258:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'vdcSkuFlag' (lines '258'-'268').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/SKUVO.java:1:	This class has a bunch of public methods and attributes
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/SKUVO.java:11:	The class 'SKUVO' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 2 (Highest = 10).
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/SKUVO.java:11:	Too many fields
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/SKUVO.java:34:	Avoid excessively long variable names like emailStockAlertsEnabled
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/SKUVO.java:41:	Avoid excessively long variable names like bopusExcludedForMinimalSku
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/SKUVO.java:46:	Avoid excessively long variable names like bopusExcludedForMinimalSku
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/SKUVO.java:46:	Parameter 'bopusExcludedForMinimalSku' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/SKUVO.java:53:	A getX() method which returns a boolean should be named isX()
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/SKUVO.java:55:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/SKUVO.java:64:	Avoid excessively long variable names like emailStockAlertsEnabled
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/SKUVO.java:64:	Parameter 'emailStockAlertsEnabled' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/SKUVO.java:71:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/SKUVO.java:89:	Parameter 'activeFlag' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/SKUVO.java:101:	Parameter 'webOfferedFlag' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/SKUVO.java:113:	Parameter 'disableFlag' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/SKUVO.java:119:	Parameter 'vdcSku' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/SKUVO.java:131:	Parameter 'skuInStock' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/SKUVO.java:143:	Parameter 'skuSoldOnline' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/SKUVO.java:150:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/SKUVO.java:160:	Parameter 'skuGiftCard' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/SKUVO.java:166:	Parameter 'skuRepositoryItem' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/SKUVO.java:175:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/SKUVO.java:186:	Parameter 'displayName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/SKUVO.java:194:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/SKUVO.java:205:	Parameter 'skuId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/SKUVO.java:212:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/SKUVO.java:223:	Parameter 'description' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/SKUVO.java:231:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/SKUVO.java:243:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/SKUVO.java:253:	Parameter 'upc' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/SKUVO.java:259:	Parameter 'longDescription' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/SKUVO.java:266:	A getX() method which returns a boolean should be named isX()
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/SKUVO.java:267:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/SKUVO.java:278:	Parameter 'giftWrapEligible' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/SKUVO.java:288:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/SKUVO.java:299:	Parameter 'color' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/SKUVO.java:307:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/SKUVO.java:318:	Parameter 'size' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/SKUVO.java:326:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/SKUVO.java:337:	Parameter 'taxStatus' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/SKUVO.java:344:	The method 'getSkuImages' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/SKUVO.java:344:	The method getSkuImages() has an NPath complexity of 257
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/SKUVO.java:345:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/SKUVO.java:347:	Local variable 'skuImages' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/SKUVO.java:365:	Avoid excessively long variable names like thumbnailImagePath
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/SKUVO.java:393:	Parameter 'skuImages' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/SKUVO.java:403:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/SKUVO.java:414:	Parameter 'vdcSKUShipMesage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/SKUVO.java:422:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/SKUVO.java:433:	Parameter 'shippingSurcharge' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/SKUVO.java:447:	Parameter 'skuBelowLine' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/SKUVO.java:459:	Parameter 'skuRepositoryItem' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/SKUVO.java:466:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/SKUVO.java:477:	Parameter 'isBopusAllowed' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/SKUVO.java:484:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/SKUVO.java:495:	Parameter 'ecomFulfillment' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/SKUVO.java:500:	A getX() method which returns a boolean should be named isX()
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/SKUVO.java:503:	Parameter 'isEcoFeeEligible' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/SKUVO.java:507:	The method toString() has an NPath complexity of 3126
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/SKUVO.java:509:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/SKUVO.java:510:	Local variable 'toString' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/SKUVO.java:510:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 3 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/SKUVO.java:514:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/SKUVO.java:514:	The String literal " Null" appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 514
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/SKUVO.java:515:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/SKUVO.java:516:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/SKUVO.java:522:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/SKUVO.java:523:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/SKUVO.java:536:	Parameter 'storeSKU' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/ShipMethodVO.java:10:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shipMethodDescription
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/ShipMethodVO.java:12:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shippingRepositoryItem
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/ShipMethodVO.java:13:	Field hashCode has the same name as a method
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/ShipMethodVO.java:15:	Avoid excessively long variable names like estdShipDurationInDaysLowerLimit
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/ShipMethodVO.java:16:	Avoid excessively long variable names like estdShipDurationInDaysHigherLimit
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/ShipMethodVO.java:19:	Avoid excessively long variable names like discountedShippingForStandard
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/ShipMethodVO.java:33:	Avoid excessively long variable names like discountedShippingForStandard
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/ShipMethodVO.java:33:	Parameter 'discountedShippingForStandard' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/ShipMethodVO.java:39:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shippingRepositoryItem
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/ShipMethodVO.java:39:	Parameter 'shippingRepositoryItem' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/ShipMethodVO.java:51:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/ShipMethodVO.java:62:	Parameter 'shipMethodId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/ShipMethodVO.java:70:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/ShipMethodVO.java:81:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shipMethodDescription
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/ShipMethodVO.java:81:	Parameter 'shipMethodDescription' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/ShipMethodVO.java:93:	Parameter 'daysToShip' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/ShipMethodVO.java:112:	Parameter 'shippingCharge' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/ShipMethodVO.java:132:	Avoid excessively long variable names like estdShipDurationInDaysLowerLimit
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/ShipMethodVO.java:132:	Parameter 'estdShipDurationInDaysLowerLimit' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/ShipMethodVO.java:152:	Avoid excessively long variable names like estdShipDurationInDaysHigherLimit
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/ShipMethodVO.java:152:	Parameter 'estdShipDurationInDaysHigherLimit' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/ShipMethodVO.java:158:	Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/ShipMethodVO.java:171:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'multiplier' (lines '171'-'178').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/ShipMethodVO.java:173:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'code' (lines '173'-'174').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/SiteChatAttributesVO.java:10:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mChatOverrideFlagPDP
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/SiteChatAttributesVO.java:12:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mDaasOverrideFlagPDP
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/SiteChatAttributesVO.java:26:	Parameter 'pChatURL' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/SiteChatAttributesVO.java:38:	Parameter 'pOnOffFlag' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/SiteChatAttributesVO.java:51:	Parameter 'pChatFlagPDP' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/SiteChatAttributesVO.java:63:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pChatOverrideFlagPDP
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/SiteChatAttributesVO.java:63:	Parameter 'pChatOverrideFlagPDP' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/SiteChatAttributesVO.java:75:	Parameter 'pDaasFlagPDP' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/SiteChatAttributesVO.java:87:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pDaasOverrideFlagPDP
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/SiteChatAttributesVO.java:87:	Parameter 'pDaasOverrideFlagPDP' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/SiteVO.java:17:	Parameter 'siteName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/SiteVO.java:30:	Parameter 'countryCode' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/SiteVO.java:35:	Local variable 'toString' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/SiteVO.java:35:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/SiteVO.java:35:	StringBuffer constructor is initialized with size 44, but has at least 53 characters appended.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/SiteVO.java:36:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/SiteVO.java:36:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/SiteVO.java:37:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/StateVO.java:6:	Classes implementing Serializable should set a serialVersionUID
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/StateVO.java:10:	Field isNexusState has the same name as a method
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/StateVO.java:11:	Field hashCode has the same name as a method
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/StateVO.java:12:	Field isMilitaryState has the same name as a method
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/StateVO.java:18:	Parameter 'isMilitaryState' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/StateVO.java:26:	Parameter 'isMilitaryState' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/StateVO.java:26:	Parameter 'isNexusState' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/StateVO.java:26:	Parameter 'stateCode' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/StateVO.java:26:	Parameter 'stateName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/StateVO.java:44:	Parameter 'stateCode' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/StateVO.java:58:	Parameter 'stateName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/StateVO.java:72:	Parameter 'isNexusState' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/StateVO.java:79:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'multiplier' (lines '79'-'89').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/StateVO.java:81:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'code' (lines '81'-'82').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/StateVO.java:92:	Parameter 'pObj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/StateVO.java:95:	Local variable 'stateVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/StateVO.java:106:	Avoid variables with short names like o
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/StateVO.java:106:	Parameter 'o' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/StateVO.java:108:	Local variable 'compareResult' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/StateVO.java:113:	Local variable 'toString' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/StateVO.java:113:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/StateVO.java:113:	StringBuffer constructor is initialized with size 37, but has at least 79 characters appended.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/StateVO.java:114:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/StateVO.java:114:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/StateVO.java:115:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/StateVO.java:115:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/StateVO.java:116:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/StoreBopusInfoVO.java:16:	Parameter 'siteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/StoreBopusInfoVO.java:28:	Parameter 'bopusFlag' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/StoreSpecialityVO.java:13:	Avoid excessively long variable names like legendFileLocation
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/StoreSpecialityVO.java:25:	Parameter 'specialityCodeId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/StoreSpecialityVO.java:37:	Parameter 'specialityCode' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/StoreSpecialityVO.java:49:	Parameter 'codeImage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/StoreSpecialityVO.java:61:	Parameter 'priority' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/StoreSpecialityVO.java:73:	Parameter 'storeListAltTxt' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/StoreSpecialityVO.java:85:	Parameter 'storeListTitleTxt' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/StoreSpecialityVO.java:97:	Parameter 'img2ImgLocation' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/StoreSpecialityVO.java:109:	Parameter 'img2AltText' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/StoreSpecialityVO.java:121:	Parameter 'img2TitleText' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/StoreSpecialityVO.java:133:	Avoid excessively long variable names like legendFileLocation
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/StoreSpecialityVO.java:133:	Parameter 'legendFileLocation' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/StoreSpecialityVO.java:145:	Parameter 'legendAltText' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/StoreSpecialityVO.java:157:	Parameter 'legendTitleText' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/StoreVO.java:1:	This class has a bunch of public methods and attributes
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/StoreVO.java:5:	Too many fields
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/StoreVO.java:29:	Avoid excessively long variable names like commonNamePhonetic
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/StoreVO.java:57:	Parameter 'contactFlag' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/StoreVO.java:69:	Parameter 'pSpecialtyShopsCd' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/StoreVO.java:81:	Parameter 'provinceName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/StoreVO.java:93:	Parameter 'storeId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/StoreVO.java:105:	Parameter 'storeName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/StoreVO.java:117:	Parameter 'address' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/StoreVO.java:129:	Parameter 'city' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/StoreVO.java:141:	Parameter 'state' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/StoreVO.java:153:	Parameter 'postalCode' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/StoreVO.java:165:	Parameter 'province' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/StoreVO.java:177:	Parameter 'countryCode' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/StoreVO.java:189:	Parameter 'phone' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/StoreVO.java:201:	Parameter 'longitude' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/StoreVO.java:213:	Parameter 'latitude' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/StoreVO.java:225:	Parameter 'storeType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/StoreVO.java:237:	Parameter 'hours' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/StoreVO.java:249:	Parameter 'latLongSrc' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/StoreVO.java:261:	Parameter 'rowXngDt' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/StoreVO.java:273:	Parameter 'rowXngUser' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/StoreVO.java:280:	Parameter 'hiringInd' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/StoreVO.java:292:	Parameter 'displayOnline' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/StoreVO.java:304:	Parameter 'facadeStoreType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/StoreVO.java:316:	Avoid excessively long variable names like commonNamePhonetic
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/StoreVO.java:316:	Parameter 'commonNamePhonetic' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/StoreVO.java:328:	Parameter 'addressPhonetic' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/StoreVO.java:340:	Parameter 'cityPhonetic' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/StoreVO.java:352:	Parameter 'monOpen' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/StoreVO.java:364:	Parameter 'monClose' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/StoreVO.java:376:	Parameter 'tuesOpen' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/StoreVO.java:388:	Parameter 'tuesClose' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/StoreVO.java:400:	Parameter 'wedOpen' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/StoreVO.java:412:	Parameter 'wedClose' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/StoreVO.java:424:	Parameter 'thursOpen' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/StoreVO.java:436:	Parameter 'thursClose' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/StoreVO.java:448:	Parameter 'friOpen' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/StoreVO.java:460:	Parameter 'friClose' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/StoreVO.java:472:	Parameter 'satOpen' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/StoreVO.java:484:	Parameter 'satClose' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/StoreVO.java:496:	Parameter 'sunOpen' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/StoreVO.java:508:	Parameter 'sunClose' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/StoreVO.java:520:	Parameter 'mqTransCode' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/StoreVO.java:532:	Parameter 'specialMsg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/StoreVO.java:544:	Parameter 'storeSpecialityVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/StoreVO.java:556:	Parameter 'storeBopusInfoVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/TabVO.java:17:	Parameter 'tabRepositoryItem' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/TabVO.java:26:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/TabVO.java:37:	Parameter 'tabName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/TabVO.java:45:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/TabVO.java:56:	Parameter 'tabContent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/TabVO.java:60:	Local variable 'toString' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/TabVO.java:60:	StringBuffer constructor is initialized with size 35, but has at least 50 characters appended.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/TabVO.java:61:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/TabVO.java:62:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/TabVO.java:62:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/TabVO.java:63:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/ThresholdVO.java:5:	Avoid excessively long variable names like thresholdAvailable
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/ThresholdVO.java:27:	Avoid excessively long variable names like thresholdAvailable
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/ThresholdVO.java:31:	Local variable 'toString' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/ThresholdVO.java:31:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/ThresholdVO.java:31:	StringBuffer constructor is initialized with size 41, but has at least 69 characters appended.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/ThresholdVO.java:32:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/ThresholdVO.java:32:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/vo/ThresholdVO.java:33:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/BBBCreditCardContainer.java:10:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mMaxCreditCardRetryCount
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/BBBCreditCardContainer.java:12:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mCreditCardRetryCount
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/BBBCreditCardContainer.java:24:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pMaxCreditCardRetryCount
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/BBBCreditCardContainer.java:24:	Parameter 'pMaxCreditCardRetryCount' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/BBBCreditCardContainer.java:38:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pCreditCardRetryCount
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/BBBCreditCardContainer.java:38:	Parameter 'pCreditCardRetryCount' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/BBBCreditCardContainer.java:59:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/BBBCreditCardContainer.java:67:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/BBBCreditCardContainer.java:80:	Parameter 'bbbCreditCardInfo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/BBBCreditCardContainer.java:80:	Parameter 'ccKey' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/BBBCreditCardContainer.java:88:	Parameter 'ccKey' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/BBBCreditCardContainer.java:96:	Parameter 'ccKey' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/BBBCreditCardContainer.java:96:	Parameter 'creditCardId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/SubmitOrderVO.java:37:	Parameter 'pOrder' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/SubmitOrderVO.java:51:	Parameter 'pProfile' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/SubmitOrderVO.java:65:	Parameter 'pCacheEnabled' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/SubmitOrderVO.java:79:	Parameter 'pServiceName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/vo/GiftWrapSKUVORest.java:31:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shipGroupGiftMessage
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/vo/GiftWrapSKUVORest.java:37:	Parameter 'giftWrapMap' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/vo/GiftWrapSKUVORest.java:44:	Parameter 'giftWrapFlag' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/vo/GiftWrapSKUVORest.java:50:	Parameter 'giftWrapPrice' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/vo/GiftWrapSKUVORest.java:56:	Parameter 'nonGiftWrapSkus' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/vo/GiftWrapSKUVORest.java:62:	Parameter 'shipGroupGiftInd' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/vo/GiftWrapSKUVORest.java:68:	Parameter 'giftItemIndicator' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/vo/GiftWrapSKUVORest.java:74:	Parameter 'shipGroupParam' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/vo/GiftWrapSKUVORest.java:80:	Parameter 'shipAddress' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/vo/GiftWrapSKUVORest.java:86:	Parameter 'shippingMethod' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/vo/GiftWrapSKUVORest.java:93:	Parameter 'commItemList' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/vo/GiftWrapSKUVORest.java:99:	Parameter 'shipGroupId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/vo/GiftWrapSKUVORest.java:105:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shipGroupGiftMessage
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/vo/GiftWrapSKUVORest.java:105:	Parameter 'shipGroupGiftMessage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/vo/ShipMethodsResponseVORest.java:18:	Parameter 'shippingOperation' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/vo/ShipMethodsResponseVORest.java:26:	Parameter 'shipMethodsVORest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/vo/ShipMethodsVORest.java:23:	Parameter 'shipMethodList' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/vo/ShipMethodsVORest.java:31:	Parameter 'skuId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBAddress.java:1:	This class has a bunch of public methods and attributes
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBAddress.java:9:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBAddress.java:12:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBAddress.java:15:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBAddress.java:18:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBAddress.java:21:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBAddress.java:24:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBAddress.java:27:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBAddress.java:30:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBAddress.java:33:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBAddress.java:36:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBAddress.java:39:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBAddress.java:42:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBAddress.java:45:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBAddress.java:48:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBAddress.java:51:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBAddress.java:54:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBAddress.java:57:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBAddress.java:60:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBAddress.java:63:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBAddress.java:66:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBAddress.java:69:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBAddress.java:72:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBAddress.java:75:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBAddress.java:78:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBAddress.java:81:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBAddress.java:84:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBAddress.java:87:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBAddress.java:90:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBAddress.java:93:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBAddress.java:96:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBAddress.java:99:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBAddress.java:102:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBAddress.java:105:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBAddress.java:108:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBAddress.java:111:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBAddress.java:114:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBAddress.java:117:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBAddress.java:120:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBAddress.java:123:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBAddress.java:126:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBAddress.java:129:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBAddress.java:132:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBAddress.java:135:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBAddress.java:138:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBAddress.java:141:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBAddress.java:144:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBAddress.java:147:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBAddress.java:150:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBAddress.java:153:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBAddress.java:156:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBAddress.java:156:	Avoid variables with short names like Id
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBAddress.java:156:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'Id' starts with uppercase character.
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBAddress.java:159:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBAddress.java:162:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBAddress.java:165:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBAddress.java:168:	A getX() method which returns a boolean should be named isX()
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBAddress.java:168:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBAddress.java:171:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mIsNonPOBoxAddress
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBAddress.java:171:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBAddress.java:173:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBAddress.java:175:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBAddressContainer.java:33:	Parameter 'duplicate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBAddressContainer.java:51:	Parameter 'sourceMap' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBAddressContainer.java:67:	Parameter 'addressMap' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBAddressContainer.java:89:	Parameter 'address' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBAddressContainer.java:89:	Parameter 'addressKey' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBAddressContainer.java:101:	Parameter 'addressKey' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBAddressContainer.java:102:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBAddressContainer.java:103:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBAddressContainer.java:110:	Parameter 'addressKey' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBAddressContainer.java:121:	Parameter 'currentAddressKey' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBAddressContainer.java:122:	Parameter 'sourceAddresskey' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBAddressContainer.java:129:	Parameter 'inAddrKey' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBAddressContainer.java:130:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBAddressContainer.java:131:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBAddressContainer.java:139:	Parameter 'newAddressMap' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBAddressContainer.java:149:	Parameter 'address' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBAddressContainer.java:149:	Parameter 'addressKey' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBAddressContainer.java:162:	Parameter 'newAddressKey' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBAddressImpl.java:16:	The class 'BBBAddressImpl' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 31).
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBAddressImpl.java:33:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mIsNonPOBoxAddress
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBAddressImpl.java:71:	A getX() method which returns a boolean should be named isX()
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBAddressImpl.java:77:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mIsNonPOBoxAddress
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBAddressImpl.java:81:	This final field could be made static
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBAddressImpl.java:124:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBAddressImpl.java:139:	The method 'getInvalidProperties' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 31.
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBAddressImpl.java:139:	The method getInvalidProperties() has an NPath complexity of 2510676
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBAddressImpl.java:142:	Avoid excessively long variable names like isInternationalCard
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBAddressImpl.java:142:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isInternationalCard' (lines '142'-'170').
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBCreditCardInfo.java:8:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBCreditCardInfo.java:13:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBCreditCardInfo.java:18:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pCardVerificationNumber
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBCreditCardInfo.java:18:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBRepositoryContactInfo.java:20:	The class 'BBBRepositoryContactInfo' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 2 (Highest = 16).
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBRepositoryContactInfo.java:73:	Avoid variables with short names like Id
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBRepositoryContactInfo.java:93:	The String literal "BBBRepositoryContactInfo" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 93
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBRepositoryContactInfo.java:123:	The method 'getInvalidProperties' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 16.
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBRepositoryContactInfo.java:123:	The method getInvalidProperties() has an NPath complexity of 4374
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBRepositoryContactInfo.java:153:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mIsNonPOBoxAddress
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBRepositoryContactInfo.java:159:	A getX() method which returns a boolean should be named isX()
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBRepositoryContactInfo.java:168:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mIsNonPOBoxAddress
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBStoreInventoryContainer.java:15:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mStoreIdInventoryMap
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBStoreInventoryContainer.java:21:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mStoreIdInventoryMap
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBStoreInventoryContainer.java:21:	Parameter 'mStoreIdInventoryMap' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BasicBBBCreditCardInfo.java:9:	No need to import a type that lives in the same package
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BasicBBBCreditCardInfo.java:21:	Too many fields
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BasicBBBCreditCardInfo.java:68:	Parameter 'pDefault' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BasicBBBCreditCardInfo.java:85:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mExpirationDayOfMonth
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BasicBBBCreditCardInfo.java:120:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mCardVerificationNumber
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BasicBBBCreditCardInfo.java:132:	Parameter 'pNameOnCard' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BasicBBBCreditCardInfo.java:146:	Parameter 'pCreditCardId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BasicBBBCreditCardInfo.java:160:	Parameter 'pSource' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BasicBBBCreditCardInfo.java:176:	Parameter 'pCreditCardNumber' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BasicBBBCreditCardInfo.java:190:	Parameter 'pCreditCardType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BasicBBBCreditCardInfo.java:204:	Parameter 'pExpirationMonth' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BasicBBBCreditCardInfo.java:218:	Parameter 'pExpirationYear' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BasicBBBCreditCardInfo.java:239:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pCardVerificationNumber
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BasicBBBCreditCardInfo.java:239:	Parameter 'pCardVerificationNumber' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BasicBBBCreditCardInfo.java:253:	Parameter 'pAmount' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BasicBBBCreditCardInfo.java:267:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pExpirationDayOfMonth
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BasicBBBCreditCardInfo.java:267:	Parameter 'pExpirationDayOfMonth' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BasicBBBCreditCardInfo.java:281:	Parameter 'pPaymentId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BasicBBBCreditCardInfo.java:295:	Parameter 'pCurrencyCode' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BasicBBBCreditCardInfo.java:309:	Parameter 'pBillingAddress' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BasicBBBCreditCardInfo.java:323:	Parameter 'pExpired' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BasicBBBCreditCardInfo.java:337:	Parameter 'pLastFourDigits' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/CreditCardCountryVO.java:19:	Parameter 'countryName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/CreditCardCountryVO.java:31:	Parameter 'countryCode' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/AddressVO.java:52:	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/AddressVO.java:70:	Parameter 'firstName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/AddressVO.java:88:	Parameter 'lastName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/AddressVO.java:106:	Parameter 'company' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/AddressVO.java:124:	Parameter 'addressLine1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/AddressVO.java:142:	Parameter 'addressLine2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/AddressVO.java:160:	Parameter 'city' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/AddressVO.java:178:	Parameter 'state' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/AddressVO.java:196:	Parameter 'zip' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/AddressVO.java:214:	Parameter 'country' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/AddressVO.java:232:	Parameter 'primaryPhone' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/BridalRegistryVO.java:17:	The method toString() has an NPath complexity of 3125
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/BridalRegistryVO.java:19:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/BridalRegistryVO.java:20:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/BridalRegistryVO.java:21:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/BridalRegistryVO.java:22:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/BridalRegistryVO.java:23:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/BridalRegistryVO.java:43:	Avoid excessively long variable names like bridalToolkitToken
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/BridalRegistryVO.java:59:	Parameter 'pRegistryId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/BridalRegistryVO.java:77:	Parameter 'pEventDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/BridalRegistryVO.java:95:	Parameter 'pEventType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/BridalRegistryVO.java:103:	Parameter 'eventCode' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/BridalRegistryVO.java:117:	Avoid excessively long variable names like bridalToolkitToken
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/BridalRegistryVO.java:117:	Parameter 'bridalToolkitToken' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/EventVO.java:21:	The class 'EventVO' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 38).
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/EventVO.java:77:	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/EventVO.java:97:	Parameter 'eventDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/EventVO.java:120:	Parameter 'guestCount' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/EventVO.java:140:	Parameter 'showerDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/EventVO.java:160:	Parameter 'college' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/EventVO.java:180:	Parameter 'babyGender' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/EventVO.java:200:	Parameter 'babyName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/EventVO.java:220:	Parameter 'babyNurseryTheme' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/EventVO.java:240:	Parameter 'eventDateWS' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/EventVO.java:260:	Parameter 'showerDateWS' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/EventVO.java:280:	Parameter 'birthDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/EventVO.java:300:	Parameter 'birthDateWS' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/EventVO.java:318:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/EventVO.java:331:	Parameter 'showerDateObject' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/EventVO.java:337:	The method 'hashCode' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 12.
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/EventVO.java:337:	The method hashCode() has an NPath complexity of 48828125
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/EventVO.java:339:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '339'-'340').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/EventVO.java:369:	Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/EventVO.java:369:	The method 'equals' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 38.
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/EventVO.java:369:	The method equals() has an NPath complexity of 67108864
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/EventVO.java:370:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/EventVO.java:372:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/EventVO.java:374:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/EventVO.java:376:	Local variable 'other' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/EventVO.java:377:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/EventVO.java:380:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/EventVO.java:382:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/EventVO.java:385:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/EventVO.java:387:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/EventVO.java:390:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/EventVO.java:392:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/EventVO.java:395:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/EventVO.java:397:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/EventVO.java:400:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/EventVO.java:402:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/EventVO.java:405:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/EventVO.java:407:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/EventVO.java:410:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/EventVO.java:412:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/EventVO.java:415:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/EventVO.java:417:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/EventVO.java:420:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/EventVO.java:422:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/EventVO.java:425:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/EventVO.java:427:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/EventVO.java:430:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/EventVO.java:432:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/ForgetRegPassRequestVO.java:21:	Avoid excessively long variable names like forgetPassRegistryId
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/ForgetRegPassRequestVO.java:27:	Avoid excessively long variable names like forgetPassRegistryEmail
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/ForgetRegPassRequestVO.java:52:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pForgetPassRegistryId
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/ForgetRegPassRequestVO.java:52:	Parameter 'pForgetPassRegistryId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/ForgetRegPassRequestVO.java:70:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pForgetPassRegistryEmail
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/ForgetRegPassRequestVO.java:70:	Parameter 'pForgetPassRegistryEmail' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/ForgetRegPassRequestVO.java:88:	Parameter 'pSiteFlag' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/ForgetRegPassRequestVO.java:106:	Parameter 'pUserToken' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/ForgetRegPassRequestVO.java:124:	Parameter 'pServiceName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/ForgetRegPassRequestVO.java:142:	Parameter 'registryIdWS' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/LinkRegistryToProfileVO.java:59:	Parameter 'pRegistryId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/LinkRegistryToProfileVO.java:77:	Parameter 'pUserToken' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/LinkRegistryToProfileVO.java:95:	Parameter 'pProfileId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/LinkRegistryToProfileVO.java:113:	Parameter 'password' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/LinkRegistryToProfileVO.java:131:	Parameter 'pSiteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/LinkRegistryToProfileVO.java:149:	Parameter 'serviceName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/LinkRegistryToProfileVO.java:178:	Parameter 'emailId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/LinkRegistryToProfileVO.java:186:	Parameter 'regCoreg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegSearchResVO.java:24:	Avoid excessively long variable names like listRegistrySummaryVO
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegSearchResVO.java:47:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pListRegistrySummaryVO
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegSearchResVO.java:47:	Parameter 'pListRegistrySummaryVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegSearchResVO.java:57:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegSearchResVO.java:72:	Parameter 'pServiceErrorVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegSearchResVO.java:90:	Parameter 'totEntries' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegStatusesResVO.java:25:	Avoid excessively long variable names like listRegistryStatusVO
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegStatusesResVO.java:48:	Avoid excessively long variable names like listRegistryStatusVO
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegStatusesResVO.java:48:	Parameter 'listRegistryStatusVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegStatusesResVO.java:58:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegStatusesResVO.java:73:	Parameter 'pServiceErrorVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegStatusesResVO.java:91:	Parameter 'totEntries' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistrantVO.java:64:	Parameter 'firstName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistrantVO.java:82:	Parameter 'lastName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistrantVO.java:100:	Parameter 'primaryPhone' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistrantVO.java:118:	Parameter 'cellPhone' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistrantVO.java:129:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistrantVO.java:143:	Parameter 'contactAddress' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistrantVO.java:161:	Parameter 'babyMaidenName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistrantVO.java:179:	Parameter 'profileId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistrantVO.java:197:	Parameter 'pEmail' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistrantVO.java:199:	When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistrantVO.java:217:	Parameter 'pAddressSelected' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistrantVO.java:235:	Parameter 'coRegEmailFlag' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistryCategoriesVO.java:3:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.List'
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistryCategoriesVO.java:3:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.List'
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistryCategoriesVO.java:26:	Parameter 'catgoryName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistryCategoriesVO.java:40:	Parameter 'categoryDetail' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistryCategoryBucketVO.java:24:	Parameter 'catgoryName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistryCategoryBucketVO.java:36:	Parameter 'items' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistryItemDetailsVO.java:36:	Parameter 'registryItemsList' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistryItemDetailsVO.java:54:	Parameter 'serviceErrorVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistryItemVO.java:4:	This class has a bunch of public methods and attributes
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistryItemVO.java:18:	Too many fields
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistryItemVO.java:48:	Field isGiftGiver has the same name as a method
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistryItemVO.java:112:	Parameter 'sku' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistryItemVO.java:130:	Parameter 'qtyRequested' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistryItemVO.java:148:	Parameter 'qtyFulfilled' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistryItemVO.java:166:	Parameter 'qtyWebPurchased' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistryItemVO.java:184:	Parameter 'jdaDescription' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistryItemVO.java:202:	Parameter 'jdaDeptId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistryItemVO.java:220:	Parameter 'deptName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistryItemVO.java:238:	Parameter 'colorCD' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistryItemVO.java:256:	Parameter 'colorDesc' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistryItemVO.java:274:	Parameter 'deptSortSeq' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistryItemVO.java:292:	Parameter 'upc' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistryItemVO.java:310:	Parameter 'rowID' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistryItemVO.java:319:	A getX() method which returns a boolean should be named isX()
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistryItemVO.java:328:	Parameter 'registrantMode' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistryItemVO.java:346:	Parameter 'sKUDetailVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistryItemVO.java:364:	Parameter 'isGiftGiver' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistryItemVO.java:382:	Parameter 'qtyPurchased' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistryItemVO.java:400:	Parameter 'jdaRetailPrice' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistryItemVO.java:418:	Parameter 'price' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistryItemVO.java:436:	Parameter 'productDescrip' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistryItemVO.java:454:	Parameter 'imageURL' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistryItemVO.java:472:	Parameter 'productURL' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistryItemVO.java:490:	Parameter 'promoDescURL' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistryItemVO.java:508:	Parameter 'promoDesc' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistryItemVO.java:526:	Parameter 'smallDesc' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistryItemVO.java:544:	Parameter 'isBelowLineItem' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistryItemVO.java:551:	Avoid variables with short names like df
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistryItemVO.java:551:	Local variable 'df' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistryItemVO.java:558:	Parameter 'priceVal' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistryItemsListVO.java:129:	Parameter 'pSkuRegItemVOMap' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistryReqVO.java:59:	Parameter 'pRegistryId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistryReqVO.java:77:	Parameter 'pUserToken' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistryReqVO.java:95:	Parameter 'pProfileId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistryReqVO.java:113:	Parameter 'password' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistryReqVO.java:131:	Parameter 'pSiteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistryReqVO.java:149:	Parameter 'serviceName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistryReqVO.java:178:	Parameter 'registryIdWS' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistryReqVO.java:196:	Parameter 'emailId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistryResVO.java:56:	Parameter 'registrySummaryVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistryResVO.java:74:	Parameter 'pRegistryId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistryResVO.java:84:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistryResVO.java:99:	Parameter 'pServiceErrorVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistryResVO.java:117:	Parameter 'pRegistryToken' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistryResVO.java:135:	Parameter 'pRegistryVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistryResVO.java:153:	Parameter 'registrySearchVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistryResVO.java:162:	A getX() method which returns a boolean should be named isX()
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistryResVO.java:171:	Parameter 'isImportedAsReg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistrySearchVO.java:18:	Too many fields
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistrySearchVO.java:66:	Avoid excessively long variable names like filterRegistriesInProfile
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistrySearchVO.java:69:	Avoid excessively long variable names like returnLeagacyRegistries
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistrySearchVO.java:82:	Avoid excessively long variable names like availForWebPurchaseFlag
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistrySearchVO.java:98:	Parameter 'pUserToken' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistrySearchVO.java:117:	Parameter 'blkSize' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistrySearchVO.java:135:	Parameter 'startIdx' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistrySearchVO.java:166:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pFilterRegistriesInProfile
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistrySearchVO.java:166:	Parameter 'pFilterRegistriesInProfile' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistrySearchVO.java:186:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pReturnLeagacyRegistries
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistrySearchVO.java:186:	Parameter 'pReturnLeagacyRegistries' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistrySearchVO.java:194:	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistrySearchVO.java:214:	Parameter 'firstName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistrySearchVO.java:234:	Parameter 'lastName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistrySearchVO.java:254:	Parameter 'pRegistryId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistrySearchVO.java:274:	Parameter 'email' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistrySearchVO.java:294:	Parameter 'perPageSize' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistrySearchVO.java:314:	Parameter 'pageNum' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistrySearchVO.java:324:	A getX() method which returns a boolean should be named isX()
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistrySearchVO.java:334:	Parameter 'isGiftGiver' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistrySearchVO.java:353:	Parameter 'pProfileId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistrySearchVO.java:373:	Parameter 'siteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistrySearchVO.java:393:	Parameter 'pServiceName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistrySearchVO.java:411:	Parameter 'view' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistrySearchVO.java:420:	A getX() method which returns a boolean should be named isX()
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistrySearchVO.java:429:	Avoid excessively long variable names like availForWebPurchaseFlag
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistrySearchVO.java:429:	Parameter 'availForWebPurchaseFlag' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistrySearchVO.java:447:	Parameter 'excludedRegNums' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistrySearchVO.java:465:	Parameter 'sortSeq' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistrySearchVO.java:483:	Parameter 'sortSeqOrder' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistrySkinnyVO.java:49:	Parameter 'pRegistryId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistrySkinnyVO.java:67:	Parameter 'pEventDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistrySkinnyVO.java:85:	Parameter 'pEventType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistrySkinnyVO.java:93:	Parameter 'eventCode' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistrySkinnyVO.java:101:	Parameter 'status' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistryStatusVO.java:57:	Parameter 'pRegistryId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistryStatusVO.java:75:	Parameter 'pUserToken' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistryStatusVO.java:93:	Parameter 'pProfileId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistryStatusVO.java:111:	Parameter 'pSiteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistryStatusVO.java:132:	Parameter 'serviceName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistryStatusVO.java:161:	Parameter 'registryIdWS' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistryStatusVO.java:178:	Parameter 'statusCode' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistryStatusVO.java:196:	Parameter 'statusDesc' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistrySummaryVO.java:4:	This class has a bunch of public methods and attributes
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistrySummaryVO.java:22:	Too many fields
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistrySummaryVO.java:37:	Avoid excessively long variable names like primaryRegistrantFirstName
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistrySummaryVO.java:44:	Avoid excessively long variable names like primaryRegistrantLastName
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistrySummaryVO.java:47:	Avoid excessively long variable names like primaryRegistrantMaidenName
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistrySummaryVO.java:50:	Avoid excessively long variable names like coRegistrantFirstName
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistrySummaryVO.java:53:	Avoid excessively long variable names like coRegistrantFullName
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistrySummaryVO.java:56:	Avoid excessively long variable names like primaryRegistrantFullName
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistrySummaryVO.java:58:	Avoid excessively long variable names like coRegistrantLastName
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistrySummaryVO.java:61:	Avoid excessively long variable names like coRegistrantMaidenName
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistrySummaryVO.java:82:	Avoid excessively long variable names like futureShippingAddress
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistrySummaryVO.java:88:	Avoid excessively long variable names like futureShippingDate
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistrySummaryVO.java:116:	Avoid excessively long variable names like bridalToolkitToken
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistrySummaryVO.java:118:	Avoid excessively long variable names like personalWebsiteToken
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistrySummaryVO.java:120:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'AddrSubType' starts with uppercase character.
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistrySummaryVO.java:122:	Avoid excessively long variable names like registryOwnedByProfile
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistrySummaryVO.java:137:	Avoid excessively long variable names like primaryRegistrantEmail
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistrySummaryVO.java:139:	Avoid excessively long variable names like primaryRegistrantPrimaryPhoneNum
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistrySummaryVO.java:143:	Avoid excessively long variable names like allowedToScheduleAStoreAppointment
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistrySummaryVO.java:149:	Parameter 'favStoreId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistrySummaryVO.java:157:	Avoid excessively long variable names like primaryRegistrantEmail
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistrySummaryVO.java:157:	Parameter 'primaryRegistrantEmail' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistrySummaryVO.java:166:	Avoid excessively long variable names like primaryRegistrantPrimaryPhoneNum
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistrySummaryVO.java:166:	Parameter 'primaryRegistrantPrimaryPhoneNum' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistrySummaryVO.java:175:	Parameter 'eventYetToCome' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistrySummaryVO.java:183:	Parameter 'daysToNextCeleb' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistrySummaryVO.java:191:	Avoid excessively long variable names like coRegistrantFullName
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistrySummaryVO.java:191:	Parameter 'coRegistrantFullName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistrySummaryVO.java:199:	Avoid excessively long variable names like primaryRegistrantFullName
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistrySummaryVO.java:199:	Parameter 'primaryRegistrantFullName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistrySummaryVO.java:217:	Parameter 'eventType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistrySummaryVO.java:235:	Parameter 'registryType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistrySummaryVO.java:253:	Parameter 'eventDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistrySummaryVO.java:271:	Avoid excessively long variable names like primaryRegistrantFirstName
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistrySummaryVO.java:271:	Parameter 'primaryRegistrantFirstName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistrySummaryVO.java:289:	Avoid excessively long variable names like primaryRegistrantLastName
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistrySummaryVO.java:289:	Parameter 'primaryRegistrantLastName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistrySummaryVO.java:307:	Avoid excessively long variable names like coRegistrantFirstName
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistrySummaryVO.java:307:	Parameter 'coRegistrantFirstName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistrySummaryVO.java:325:	Avoid excessively long variable names like coRegistrantLastName
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistrySummaryVO.java:325:	Parameter 'coRegistrantLastName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistrySummaryVO.java:343:	Parameter 'giftPurchased' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistrySummaryVO.java:361:	Parameter 'giftRegistered' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistrySummaryVO.java:379:	Parameter 'giftRemaining' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistrySummaryVO.java:397:	Parameter 'daysToGo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistrySummaryVO.java:415:	Parameter 'shippingAddress' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistrySummaryVO.java:433:	Avoid excessively long variable names like futureShippingAddress
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistrySummaryVO.java:433:	Parameter 'futureShippingAddress' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistrySummaryVO.java:453:	Avoid excessively long variable names like futureShippingDate
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistrySummaryVO.java:453:	Parameter 'futureShippingDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistrySummaryVO.java:471:	Parameter 'pRegistryId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistrySummaryVO.java:489:	Parameter 'state' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistrySummaryVO.java:507:	Parameter 'totEntries' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistrySummaryVO.java:525:	Parameter 'registrantEmail' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistrySummaryVO.java:543:	Parameter 'regToken' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistrySummaryVO.java:561:	Avoid excessively long variable names like primaryRegistrantMaidenName
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistrySummaryVO.java:561:	Parameter 'primaryRegistrantMaidenName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistrySummaryVO.java:579:	Avoid excessively long variable names like coRegistrantMaidenName
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistrySummaryVO.java:579:	Parameter 'coRegistrantMaidenName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistrySummaryVO.java:597:	Parameter 'pwsurl' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistrySummaryVO.java:615:	Avoid excessively long variable names like bridalToolkitToken
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistrySummaryVO.java:615:	Parameter 'bridalToolkitToken' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistrySummaryVO.java:633:	Parameter 'subType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistrySummaryVO.java:651:	Parameter 'eventVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistrySummaryVO.java:659:	Parameter 'eventCode' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistrySummaryVO.java:665:	Parameter 'registryInfo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistrySummaryVO.java:670:	Local variable 'registryInfo' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistrySummaryVO.java:671:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistrySummaryVO.java:673:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistrySummaryVO.java:691:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistrySummaryVO.java:699:	Parameter 'eventDateObject' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistrySummaryVO.java:707:	Parameter 'eventDateCanada' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistrySummaryVO.java:715:	Avoid excessively long variable names like personalWebsiteToken
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistrySummaryVO.java:715:	Parameter 'personalWebsiteToken' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistrySummaryVO.java:729:	Parameter 'addrSubType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistrySummaryVO.java:737:	Parameter 'coRegistrantEmail' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistrySummaryVO.java:745:	Parameter 'ownerProfileID' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistrySummaryVO.java:753:	Parameter 'coownerProfileID' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistrySummaryVO.java:805:	Avoid excessively long variable names like registryOwnedByProfile
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistrySummaryVO.java:805:	Parameter 'registryOwnedByProfile' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistrySummaryVO.java:814:	Avoid excessively long variable names like allowedToScheduleAStoreAppointment
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistrySummaryVO.java:814:	Parameter 'allowedToScheduleAStoreAppointment' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistryTypes.java:46:	Parameter 'registryTypeId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistryTypes.java:64:	Parameter 'registryTypeName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistryTypes.java:82:	Parameter 'registryTypeDesc' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistryTypes.java:100:	Parameter 'registryTypeIndex' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistryVO.java:4:	This class has a bunch of public methods and attributes
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistryVO.java:18:	Too many fields
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistryVO.java:94:	Avoid excessively long variable names like numRegAnnouncementCards
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistryVO.java:103:	Avoid excessively long variable names like networkAffiliation
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistryVO.java:115:	Avoid excessively long variable names like refStoreContactMethod
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistryVO.java:127:	Avoid excessively long variable names like optInWeddingOrBump
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistryVO.java:181:	Avoid excessively long variable names like refStoreContactMethod
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistryVO.java:181:	Parameter 'refStoreContactMethod' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistryVO.java:228:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistryVO.java:253:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistryVO.java:280:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistryVO.java:450:	Parameter 'userAddressList' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistryVO.java:538:	Avoid excessively long variable names like numRegAnnouncementCards
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistryVO.java:574:	Avoid excessively long variable names like networkAffiliation
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistryVO.java:574:	Parameter 'networkAffiliation' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistryVO.java:592:	Parameter 'prefRegContMeth' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistryVO.java:610:	Parameter 'prefRegContTime' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistryVO.java:628:	Parameter 'prefCoregContMeth' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistryVO.java:646:	Parameter 'prefCoregContTime' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistryVO.java:664:	Parameter 'signup' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistryVO.java:682:	Parameter 'hint' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistryVO.java:700:	Parameter 'word' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistryVO.java:718:	Parameter 'registryIdWS' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistryVO.java:736:	Parameter 'affiliateOptIn' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistryVO.java:754:	Avoid excessively long variable names like optInWeddingOrBump
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistryVO.java:754:	Parameter 'optInWeddingOrBump' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistryVO.java:772:	Parameter 'optInStoreContact' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistryVO.java:783:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistryVO.java:796:	Parameter 'registrantVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistryVO.java:804:	Parameter 'status' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RegistryVO.java:818:	Parameter 'cookieType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RestRegistryInfoDetailVO.java:26:	Avoid excessively long variable names like categoryForRegistry
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RestRegistryInfoDetailVO.java:30:	Avoid excessively long variable names like inStockCategoryBuckets
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RestRegistryInfoDetailVO.java:31:	Avoid excessively long variable names like notInStockCategoryBuckets
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RestRegistryInfoDetailVO.java:33:	Avoid excessively long variable names like outOfStockListFlag
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RestRegistryInfoDetailVO.java:45:	Parameter 'promoBox' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RestRegistryInfoDetailVO.java:54:	Parameter 'priceRangeList' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RestRegistryInfoDetailVO.java:60:	Parameter 'categoryBuckets' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RestRegistryInfoDetailVO.java:65:	Avoid excessively long variable names like inStockCategoryBuckets
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RestRegistryInfoDetailVO.java:65:	Parameter 'inStockCategoryBuckets' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RestRegistryInfoDetailVO.java:69:	Avoid excessively long variable names like notInStockCategoryBuckets
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RestRegistryInfoDetailVO.java:69:	Parameter 'notInStockCategoryBuckets' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RestRegistryInfoDetailVO.java:75:	Parameter 'isListEmpty' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RestRegistryInfoDetailVO.java:81:	Parameter 'sortSequence' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RestRegistryInfoDetailVO.java:87:	Parameter 'skuList' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RestRegistryInfoDetailVO.java:93:	Parameter 'count' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RestRegistryInfoDetailVO.java:99:	Avoid excessively long variable names like outOfStockListFlag
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RestRegistryInfoDetailVO.java:99:	Parameter 'outOfStockListFlag' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RestRegistryInfoDetailVO.java:111:	Parameter 'registryResVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RestRegistryInfoDetailVO.java:118:	Avoid excessively long variable names like categoryForRegistry
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/RestRegistryInfoDetailVO.java:118:	Parameter 'categoryForRegistry' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/ServiceErrorVO.java:30:	Avoid excessively long variable names like errorDisplayMessage
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/ServiceErrorVO.java:35:	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/ServiceErrorVO.java:53:	Parameter 'errorExists' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/ServiceErrorVO.java:71:	Parameter 'errorId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/ServiceErrorVO.java:89:	Parameter 'errorMessage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/ServiceErrorVO.java:107:	Avoid excessively long variable names like errorDisplayMessage
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/ServiceErrorVO.java:107:	Parameter 'errorDisplayMessage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/ShippingVO.java:7:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.Date'
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/ShippingVO.java:7:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.Date'
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/ShippingVO.java:21:	Avoid excessively long variable names like futureShippingDate
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/ShippingVO.java:24:	Avoid excessively long variable names like futureShippingDateWS
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/ShippingVO.java:30:	Avoid excessively long variable names like futureshippingAddress
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/ShippingVO.java:46:	Avoid excessively long variable names like futureShippingDate
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/ShippingVO.java:46:	Parameter 'futureShippingDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/ShippingVO.java:56:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/ShippingVO.java:81:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/ShippingVO.java:97:	Avoid excessively long variable names like futureshippingAddress
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/ShippingVO.java:115:	Avoid excessively long variable names like futureShippingDateWS
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/ShippingVO.java:115:	Parameter 'futureShippingDateWS' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/ValidateAddItemsResVO.java:45:	Parameter 'count' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/ValidateAddItemsResVO.java:55:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/vo/ValidateAddItemsResVO.java:72:	Parameter 'pServiceErrorVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BBBInventoryManager.java:11:	Avoid unused imports such as 'atg.servlet.DynamoHttpServletRequest'
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BBBInventoryManager.java:11:	Avoid unused imports such as 'atg.servlet.DynamoHttpServletRequest'
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BBBInventoryManager.java:21:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BBBInventoryManager.java:22:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BBBInventoryManager.java:23:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BBBInventoryManager.java:25:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BBBInventoryManager.java:26:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BBBInventoryManager.java:27:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BBBInventoryManager.java:28:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BBBInventoryManager.java:30:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BBBInventoryManager.java:31:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BBBInventoryManager.java:32:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BBBInventoryManager.java:33:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BBBInventoryManager.java:35:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BBBInventoryManager.java:36:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BBBInventoryManager.java:37:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BBBInventoryManager.java:38:	Avoid excessively long variable names like storeInventoryContainer
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BBBInventoryManager.java:38:	Avoid excessively long variable names like useCachedInventory
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BBBInventoryManager.java:38:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BBBStoreInventoryManager.java:22:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BBBStoreInventoryManager.java:24:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryDecrementManager.java:43:	Parameter 'inventoryManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryDecrementManager.java:54:	Local variable 'methodName' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryDecrementManager.java:56:	Local variable 'inVOLst' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryDecrementManager.java:57:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'idVO' (lines '57'-'98').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryDecrementManager.java:57:	Local variable 'idVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryDecrementManager.java:61:	Local variable 'inventoryVOUS' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryDecrementManager.java:68:	Local variable 'inventoryVOCA' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryDecrementManager.java:75:	Local variable 'inventoryVOBaby' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryDecrementManager.java:82:	Local variable 'inventoryVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryDecrementManager.java:88:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0) with calls to isEmpty()
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryDecrementManager.java:108:	Parameter 'skuIdUS' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryDecrementManager.java:116:	Parameter 'skuIdCA' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryDecrementManager.java:124:	Parameter 'skuIdBaby' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryDecrementManager.java:132:	Parameter 'orderedQuantityUS' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryDecrementManager.java:140:	Parameter 'orderedQuantityCA' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryDecrementManager.java:148:	Avoid excessively long variable names like orderedQuantityBaby
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryDecrementManager.java:148:	Parameter 'orderedQuantityBaby' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryDecrementManager.java:152:	Parameter 'siteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryDecrementManager.java:160:	Parameter 'skuId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryDecrementManager.java:172:	Parameter 'siteIdCA' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryDecrementManager.java:180:	Parameter 'siteIdUS' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryDecrementManager.java:188:	Parameter 'siteIdBaby' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryDecrementManager.java:192:	Parameter 'orderedQuantity' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryDecrementManager.java:207:	Avoid excessively long variable names like orderedQuantityBaby
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryDecrementVO.java:29:	Parameter 'pServiceName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryDecrementVO.java:33:	Avoid excessively long variable names like listOfInventoryVos
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryDecrementVO.java:43:	Avoid excessively long variable names like listOfInventoryVos
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryDecrementVO.java:43:	Parameter 'listOfInventoryVos' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryTools.java:26:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryTools.java:33:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pInventoryRepository
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryTools.java:33:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryTools.java:40:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryTools.java:49:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryTools.java:56:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryTools.java:64:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryTools.java:76:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryTools.java:86:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryTools.java:96:	Avoid excessively long variable names like updatedInventoryVOs
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryTools.java:96:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/OnlineInventoryManager.java:17:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/OnlineInventoryManager.java:23:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/OnlineInventoryManager.java:30:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/OnlineInventoryManager.java:37:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/OnlineInventoryManager.java:43:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/OnlineInventoryManager.java:49:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/OnlineInventoryManager.java:55:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/OnlineInventoryManager.java:61:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/OnlineInventoryManager.java:63:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/OnlineInventoryManager.java:65:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/OnlineInventoryManager.java:67:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/OnlineInventoryManager.java:72:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/OnlineInventoryManager.java:74:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/vo/BBBInventoryInfoVO.java:17:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mCatalogThreshHold
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/vo/BBBInventoryInfoVO.java:25:	Parameter 'availableQty' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/vo/BBBStoreInventoryVO.java:17:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mThresholdAvailable
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/vo/BBBStoreInventoryVO.java:18:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mStoreInventoryStock
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/vo/BBBStoreInventoryVO.java:29:	Parameter 'mStoreId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/vo/BBBStoreInventoryVO.java:37:	Parameter 'thresholdLimited' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/vo/BBBStoreInventoryVO.java:45:	Avoid excessively long variable names like thresholdAvailable
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/vo/BBBStoreInventoryVO.java:45:	Parameter 'thresholdAvailable' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/vo/BBBStoreInventoryVO.java:53:	Avoid excessively long variable names like storeInventoryStock
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/vo/BBBStoreInventoryVO.java:53:	Parameter 'storeInventoryStock' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/vo/InventoryFeedVO.java:22:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mFeedLastUpdatedDate
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/vo/InventoryFeedVO.java:27:	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/vo/InventoryFeedVO.java:41:	Parameter 'pID' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/vo/InventoryFeedVO.java:55:	Parameter 'pFeedID' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/vo/InventoryFeedVO.java:69:	Parameter 'pFeedStatus' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/vo/InventoryFeedVO.java:83:	Parameter 'pFeedCreationDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/vo/InventoryFeedVO.java:97:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pFeedLastUpdatedDate
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/vo/InventoryFeedVO.java:97:	Parameter 'pFeedLastUpdatedDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/vo/InventoryVO.java:14:	Too many fields
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/vo/InventoryVO.java:16:	Field hashCode has the same name as a method
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/vo/InventoryVO.java:42:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mGiftRegistryStockLevel
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/vo/InventoryVO.java:50:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mBAGiftRegistryStockLevel
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/vo/InventoryVO.java:54:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mCAGiftRegistryStockLevel
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/vo/InventoryVO.java:60:	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/vo/InventoryVO.java:76:	Parameter 'pInventoryID' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/vo/InventoryVO.java:92:	Parameter 'pSiteID' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/vo/InventoryVO.java:108:	Parameter 'pStoreID' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/vo/InventoryVO.java:124:	Parameter 'mCatalogThreshold' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/vo/InventoryVO.java:138:	Parameter 'pCreationDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/vo/InventoryVO.java:154:	Parameter 'pStartDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/vo/InventoryVO.java:170:	Parameter 'pEndDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/vo/InventoryVO.java:186:	Parameter 'pDisplayName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/vo/InventoryVO.java:202:	Parameter 'pDescription' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/vo/InventoryVO.java:218:	Parameter 'pSkuID' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/vo/InventoryVO.java:234:	Parameter 'pAvailabilityDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/vo/InventoryVO.java:253:	Parameter 'mGlobalStockLevel' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/vo/InventoryVO.java:271:	Parameter 'mSiteStockLevel' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/vo/InventoryVO.java:292:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mGiftRegistryStockLevel
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/vo/InventoryVO.java:292:	Parameter 'mGiftRegistryStockLevel' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/vo/InventoryVO.java:312:	Parameter 'mOrderedQuantity' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/vo/InventoryVO.java:318:	Parameter 'inventory' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/vo/InventoryVO.java:320:	Local variable 'compareResult' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/vo/InventoryVO.java:325:	Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/vo/InventoryVO.java:336:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'multiplier' (lines '336'-'343').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/vo/InventoryVO.java:338:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'code' (lines '338'-'339').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/vo/InventoryVO.java:357:	Parameter 'mBASiteStockLevel' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/vo/InventoryVO.java:373:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mCAGiftRegistryStockLevel
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/vo/InventoryVO.java:373:	Parameter 'mCAGiftRegistryStockLevel' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/vo/InventoryVO.java:389:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mBAGiftRegistryStockLevel
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/vo/InventoryVO.java:389:	Parameter 'mBAGiftRegistryStockLevel' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/vo/InventoryVO.java:405:	Parameter 'mCASiteStockLevel' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBCreditCard.java:37:	Parameter 'lastFourDigits' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBCreditCard.java:51:	Parameter 'pNameOnCard' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBGiftCard.java:18:	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBGiftCard.java:18:	Document empty constructor
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderPropertyManager.java:18:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mSubmittedDateName
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderPropertyManager.java:27:	Parameter 'salesChannel' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderPropertyManager.java:35:	Parameter 'pItem' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderPropertyManager.java:35:	Parameter 'pPropertyName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderPropertyManager.java:43:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderPropertyManager.java:53:	Parameter 'pItemDescriptor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderPropertyManager.java:53:	Parameter 'pPropertyName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderPropertyManager.java:60:	Local variable 'propertyNames' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderPropertyManager.java:61:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'rid' (lines '61'-'72').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderPropertyManager.java:66:	Avoid variables with short names like pd
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderPropertyManager.java:66:	Local variable 'pd' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderPropertyManager.java:68:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'rid' (lines '68'-'72').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderPropertyManager.java:84:	Parameter 'pOrderName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderPropertyManager.java:98:	Parameter 'pSubstatusName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderPropertyManager.java:112:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pSubmittedDateName
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderPropertyManager.java:112:	Parameter 'pSubmittedDateName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderPropertyManager.java:126:	Parameter 'pOrderXMLName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderPropertyManager.java:140:	Parameter 'mCreatedByOrderId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBShippingGroupCommerceItemRelationship.java:17:	Avoid variables with short names like d
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBShippingGroupCommerceItemRelationship.java:17:	Parameter 'd' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/feeds/OrderStatusUpdateVO.java:12:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shippingGroupTypeVOList
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/feeds/OrderStatusUpdateVO.java:22:	Parameter 'orderNumber' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/feeds/OrderStatusUpdateVO.java:34:	Parameter 'orderState' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/feeds/OrderStatusUpdateVO.java:46:	Parameter 'stateDescription' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/feeds/OrderStatusUpdateVO.java:58:	Parameter 'modificationDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/feeds/OrderStatusUpdateVO.java:71:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shippingGroupTypeVOList
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/feeds/OrderStatusUpdateVO.java:71:	Parameter 'shippingGroupTypeVOList' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/feeds/ShipmentTrackingVO.java:3:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.Calendar'
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/feeds/ShipmentTrackingVO.java:3:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.Calendar'
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/feeds/ShipmentTrackingVO.java:5:	Avoid unused imports such as 'javax.xml.datatype.XMLGregorianCalendar'
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/feeds/ShipmentTrackingVO.java:5:	Avoid unused imports such as 'javax.xml.datatype.XMLGregorianCalendar'
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/feeds/ShipmentTrackingVO.java:11:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shipModificationDate
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/feeds/ShipmentTrackingVO.java:21:	Parameter 'trackingId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/feeds/ShipmentTrackingVO.java:33:	Parameter 'trackingInfo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/feeds/ShipmentTrackingVO.java:45:	Parameter 'carrierCode' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/feeds/ShipmentTrackingVO.java:57:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shipModificationDate
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/feeds/ShipmentTrackingVO.java:57:	Parameter 'shipModificationDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/feeds/ShippingGroupTypeVO.java:8:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shipmentDescription
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/feeds/ShippingGroupTypeVO.java:10:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shipmentTrackingVO
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/feeds/ShippingGroupTypeVO.java:20:	Parameter 'shipmentGroupId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/feeds/ShippingGroupTypeVO.java:32:	Parameter 'shipmentState' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/feeds/ShippingGroupTypeVO.java:44:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shipmentDescription
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/feeds/ShippingGroupTypeVO.java:44:	Parameter 'shipmentDescription' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/feeds/ShippingGroupTypeVO.java:57:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shipmentTrackingVO
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/feeds/ShippingGroupTypeVO.java:57:	Parameter 'shipmentTrackingVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/vo/OrderOmnitureVO.java:22:	Parameter 'events' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/vo/OrderOmnitureVO.java:28:	Parameter 'products' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/vo/OrderOmnitureVO.java:34:	Parameter 'purchaseID' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/vo/OrderOmnitureVO.java:40:	Parameter 'state' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/vo/OrderOmnitureVO.java:46:	Parameter 'zip' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/vo/OrderOmnitureVO.java:52:	Parameter 'evar12' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/vo/OrderOmnitureVO.java:58:	Parameter 'evar14' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/vo/OrderOmnitureVO.java:64:	Parameter 'evar16' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/vo/OrderOmnitureVO.java:70:	Parameter 'evar17' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/vo/OrderOmnitureVO.java:76:	Parameter 'evar19' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/vo/OrderOmnitureVO.java:82:	Parameter 'evar20' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/vo/OrderOmnitureVO.java:88:	Parameter 'evar21' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/vo/OrderOmnitureVO.java:94:	Parameter 'prop17' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/vo/OrderOmnitureVO.java:100:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/vo/OrderOmnitureVO.java:100:	StringBuffer constructor is initialized with size 34, but has at least 160 characters appended.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/vo/SkuRestrictedZipVO.java:8:	StringBuffers can grow quite a lot, and so may become a source of memory leak (if the owning class has a long life time).
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/vo/SkuRestrictedZipVO.java:29:	Parameter 'skuName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/vo/SkuRestrictedZipVO.java:49:	Parameter 'skuImage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/vo/SkuRestrictedZipVO.java:69:	Parameter 'skuDescription' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/vo/SkuRestrictedZipVO.java:89:	Parameter 'address' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/priceLists/BBBPriceListProfilePropertySetter.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/priceLists/BBBPriceListProfilePropertySetter.java:21:	Parameter 'pProfile' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/priceLists/BBBPriceListProfilePropertySetter.java:21:	Parameter 'pSite' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/states/BBBOrderStates.java:21:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PARTIALLY_ALLOCATED
src/com/bbb/commerce/states/BBBOrderStates.java:23:	Avoid excessively long variable names like DO_PARTIALLY_ALLOCATED
src/com/bbb/commerce/states/BBBOrderStates.java:25:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PARTIALLY_RELEASED
src/com/bbb/commerce/states/BBBOrderStates.java:27:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PARTIALLY_DC_ALLOCATED
src/com/bbb/commerce/states/BBBOrderStates.java:29:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PARTIALLY_COMPLETED
src/com/bbb/commerce/states/BBBShippingGroupStates.java:21:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PARTIALLY_ALLOCATED
src/com/bbb/commerce/states/BBBShippingGroupStates.java:23:	Avoid excessively long variable names like DO_PARTIALLY_ALLOCATED
src/com/bbb/commerce/states/BBBShippingGroupStates.java:25:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PARTIALLY_RELEASED
src/com/bbb/commerce/states/BBBShippingGroupStates.java:27:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PARTIALLY_DC_ALLOCATED
src/com/bbb/commerce/states/BBBShippingGroupStates.java:29:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PARTIALLY_COMPLETED
src/com/bbb/common/BBBDynamoServlet.java:7:	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/com/bbb/common/BBBDynamoServlet.java:11:	Avoid variables with short names like e
src/com/bbb/common/BBBDynamoServlet.java:11:	Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/BBBDynamoServlet.java:11:	Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/BBBDynamoServlet.java:16:	Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/BBBDynamoServlet.java:21:	Avoid variables with short names like e
src/com/bbb/common/BBBDynamoServlet.java:21:	Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/BBBDynamoServlet.java:26:	Avoid variables with short names like e
src/com/bbb/common/BBBDynamoServlet.java:26:	Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/BBBDynamoServlet.java:26:	Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/BBBDynamoServlet.java:31:	Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/BBBDynamoServlet.java:36:	Avoid variables with short names like e
src/com/bbb/common/BBBDynamoServlet.java:36:	Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/BBBGenericFormHandler.java:7:	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/com/bbb/common/BBBGenericFormHandler.java:11:	Avoid variables with short names like e
src/com/bbb/common/BBBGenericFormHandler.java:11:	Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/BBBGenericFormHandler.java:11:	Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/BBBGenericFormHandler.java:17:	Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/BBBGenericFormHandler.java:23:	Avoid variables with short names like e
src/com/bbb/common/BBBGenericFormHandler.java:23:	Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/BBBGenericFormHandler.java:29:	Avoid variables with short names like e
src/com/bbb/common/BBBGenericFormHandler.java:29:	Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/BBBGenericFormHandler.java:29:	Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/BBBGenericFormHandler.java:35:	Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/BBBGenericFormHandler.java:41:	Avoid variables with short names like e
src/com/bbb/common/BBBGenericFormHandler.java:41:	Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/BBBGenericService.java:9:	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/com/bbb/common/BBBGenericService.java:13:	Avoid variables with short names like e
src/com/bbb/common/BBBGenericService.java:13:	Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/BBBGenericService.java:13:	Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/BBBGenericService.java:18:	Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/BBBGenericService.java:23:	Avoid variables with short names like e
src/com/bbb/common/BBBGenericService.java:23:	Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/BBBGenericService.java:29:	Avoid variables with short names like e
src/com/bbb/common/BBBGenericService.java:29:	Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/BBBGenericService.java:29:	Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/BBBGenericService.java:34:	Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/BBBGenericService.java:39:	Avoid variables with short names like e
src/com/bbb/common/BBBGenericService.java:39:	Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/BBBGenericService.java:44:	Avoid variables with short names like e
src/com/bbb/common/BBBGenericService.java:44:	Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/BBBGenericService.java:44:	Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/BBBGenericService.java:50:	Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/BBBGenericService.java:56:	Avoid variables with short names like e
src/com/bbb/common/BBBGenericService.java:56:	Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/BBBGenericService.java:61:	Parameter 'channel' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/BBBGenericService.java:61:	Parameter 'latitude' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/BBBGenericService.java:61:	Parameter 'longitude' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/BBBGenericService.java:61:	Parameter 'pMessage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/BBBGenericService.java:61:	Parameter 'siteID' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/BBBGenericService.java:61:	Parameter 'storeID' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/BBBGenericService.java:61:	Parameter 'time' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/BBBGenericService.java:61:	Parameter 'upcCode' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/event/PersistedInfoLogEvent.java:22:	Parameter 'time' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/event/PersistedInfoLogEvent.java:37:	Parameter 'storeID' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/event/PersistedInfoLogEvent.java:47:	Parameter 'channel' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/event/PersistedInfoLogEvent.java:57:	Parameter 'siteID' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/event/PersistedInfoLogEvent.java:67:	Parameter 'upcCode' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/event/PersistedInfoLogEvent.java:77:	Parameter 'longitude' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/event/PersistedInfoLogEvent.java:87:	Parameter 'latitude' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/event/PersistedInfoLogEvent.java:95:	Parameter 'channel' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/event/PersistedInfoLogEvent.java:95:	Parameter 'latitude' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/event/PersistedInfoLogEvent.java:95:	Parameter 'longitude' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/event/PersistedInfoLogEvent.java:95:	Parameter 'pMessage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/event/PersistedInfoLogEvent.java:95:	Parameter 'siteID' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/event/PersistedInfoLogEvent.java:95:	Parameter 'storeID' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/event/PersistedInfoLogEvent.java:95:	Parameter 'time' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/event/PersistedInfoLogEvent.java:95:	Parameter 'upcCode' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBAccountConstants.java:9:	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBAccountConstants.java:18:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PARAM_REQUEST_NAME
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBAccountConstants.java:20:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PARAM_CHANGED_HTML_STRING
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBAccountConstants.java:30:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PARAM_COOKIE_DOMAIN
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBAccountConstants.java:33:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PARAM_ENC_OPERATION
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBAccountConstants.java:34:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PARAM_ENC_IN_VALUE
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBAccountConstants.java:35:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PARAM_ENC_OUT_VALUE
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBAccountConstants.java:43:	Avoid excessively long variable names like EMAIL_PERSIST_ID_HTML
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCertonaConstants.java:22:	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCertonaConstants.java:28:	Avoid excessively long variable names like LAST_MODIFIED_DATE
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCertonaConstants.java:29:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SCHEDULER_COMPLETION_DATE
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCertonaConstants.java:30:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SCHEDULER_START_DATE
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCertonaConstants.java:53:	Avoid excessively long variable names like FAVOURITE_STORE_ID
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCertonaConstants.java:58:	Avoid excessively long variable names like UNABLE_TO_RETRIEVE_DATA_FROM_REPOSITORY_EXCEPTION
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCertonaConstants.java:61:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SCH_COMPLETION_DATE
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCertonaConstants.java:64:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SITE_STOCK_LEVEL_PROPERTY
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCertonaConstants.java:65:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REG_STOCK_LEVEL_PROPERTY
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCertonaConstants.java:66:	Avoid excessively long variable names like TRANSLATIONS_PROPERTY
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCertonaConstants.java:68:	Avoid excessively long variable names like LAST_MODIFIED_DATE_CERTONA_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCertonaConstants.java:70:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ATTRIBUTE_VALUE_STRING
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCertonaConstants.java:71:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ATTRIBUTE_VALUE_BOOLEAN
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCertonaConstants.java:72:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ATTRIBUTE_VALUE_NUMBER
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCertonaConstants.java:73:	Avoid excessively long variable names like TRANSLATION_PROPERTY_ATTRIBUTE_NAME
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCheckoutConstants.java:12:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFT_WRAP_MESSAGES
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCheckoutConstants.java:21:	Avoid excessively long variable names like MULTI_GIFT_OPT_MAP
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCheckoutConstants.java:22:	Avoid excessively long variable names like MULTI_GIFT_ITEM_LIST
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCheckoutConstants.java:23:	Avoid excessively long variable names like MULTI_GIFT_SHIP_ID
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCheckoutConstants.java:24:	Avoid excessively long variable names like MULTI_GIFT_SHIP_MSG
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCheckoutConstants.java:25:	Avoid excessively long variable names like MULTI_GIFT_SHIP_IND
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCheckoutConstants.java:26:	Avoid excessively long variable names like MULTI_GIFT_SHIP_PARAM
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCheckoutConstants.java:27:	Avoid excessively long variable names like MULTI_NON_WRAP_SKUS
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCheckoutConstants.java:36:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SINGLE_NON_WRAP_SKUS
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCheckoutConstants.java:99:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SECURITY_CARD_VALUE
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCheckoutConstants.java:101:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ALT_MERCHANT_NUMBER_IDN
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCheckoutConstants.java:105:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ORIGIN_IDN
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCheckoutConstants.java:138:	Avoid excessively long variable names like TRANS_REQ_CD_UNRED
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCheckoutConstants.java:139:	Avoid excessively long variable names like TRANS_REQ_CD_VAL_ER
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCheckoutConstants.java:141:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CLIENT_REF_VERSION
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCheckoutConstants.java:142:	Avoid excessively long variable names like TRANS_REQ_CD_WORK_KEY
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCheckoutConstants.java:174:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GENERIC_ERROR_TRY_LATER
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCheckoutConstants.java:177:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GC_MAX_INV_ATTEMPT
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCheckoutConstants.java:180:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_CHECKOUT_CREDITCARD_INVALID_ATTEMPT
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCheckoutConstants.java:181:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_CHECKOUT_INSUFFICIENT_INVENTORY
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCheckoutConstants.java:182:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_CHECKOUT_CREDITCARD_ERROR
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCheckoutConstants.java:183:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_CHECKOUT_CYBERSOURCE_ERROR
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCheckoutConstants.java:184:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_CHECKOUT_PIPELINE_ERROR
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCheckoutConstants.java:185:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_CHECKOUT_PAYGRP_ERROR
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCheckoutConstants.java:191:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_TIMEOUT_REVERSAL_CALL
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCheckoutConstants.java:202:	Avoid excessively long variable names like EXCLUDED_PROMO_ITEMS
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCheckoutConstants.java:206:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GET_PAY_GRP_STATUS_LOAD
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCheckoutConstants.java:207:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GET_GIFTCARD_DETAILSERVICE
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCheckoutConstants.java:211:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SITE_CONFIGURATION_ITEM
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCheckoutConstants.java:215:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SELLER_REGISTRATION_NUMBER
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCheckoutConstants.java:216:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SELLER_REGISTRATION_CA_ONTARIO
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCheckoutConstants.java:217:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SELLER_REGISTRATION_CA_BRITISH_COLUMBIA
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCheckoutConstants.java:219:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CA_STATE_BRITISH_COLUMBIA
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCheckoutConstants.java:222:	Avoid excessively long variable names like RESP_VL_TIME_REVERSAL_NO_PREVIOUS_TRANS
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCheckoutConstants.java:223:	Avoid excessively long variable names like RESP_VL_TIME_REVERSAL_ALREADY_DONE
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCheckoutConstants.java:226:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SHIPPING_PROMOTIONS
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCheckoutConstants.java:230:	Avoid excessively long variable names like WEBSERVICE_ITEM_INFO_MAP
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCheckoutConstants.java:231:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PARAM_SGCI_RELATION_TO_ITEM
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCheckoutConstants.java:232:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PARAM_ITEM_LINE_NUMBER
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCheckoutConstants.java:233:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PARAM_SHIPPING_GROUP_ID_RELATION
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCheckoutConstants.java:234:	Avoid excessively long variable names like IS_PARTIALLY_SHIPPED
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCheckoutConstants.java:238:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PROMO_EXCLUSION_MAP
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCheckoutConstants.java:241:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CLOSENESS_QUALIFIER
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCheckoutConstants.java:244:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CYBERSOURCE_TAX_FAILURE
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCheckoutConstants.java:245:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CYBERSOURCE_AUTH_FAILURE
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCheckoutConstants.java:246:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERROR_POBOX_ADDRESS
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCheckoutConstants.java:248:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CART_CONTINUE_SHOPPING_URL
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCheckoutConstants.java:253:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CONFIRMATION_EMAIL_ID
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCheckoutConstants.java:254:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERROR_SESSION_EXPIRED
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCheckoutConstants.java:256:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERROR_MAPQUEST_FAILED_DESCRIPTION
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCmsConstants.java:26:	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCmsConstants.java:26:	Document empty constructor
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCmsConstants.java:52:	Avoid excessively long variable names like STATE_PROPER_CASES
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCmsConstants.java:54:	Avoid variables with short names like ID
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCmsConstants.java:62:	Avoid excessively long variable names like TOTAL_ORDER_AMOUNT
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCmsConstants.java:64:	Avoid excessively long variable names like STANDARD_PROPER_CASE
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCmsConstants.java:94:	Avoid excessively long variable names like STATIC_TEMPLATE_QUERY
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCmsConstants.java:95:	Avoid excessively long variable names like STATIC_NEW_TEMPLATE_QUERY
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCmsConstants.java:96:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REGISTRY_NEW_TEMPLATE_QUERY
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCmsConstants.java:97:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SHIPPING_METHOD_ALL_QUERY
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCmsConstants.java:98:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SHIPPING_PRICE_QUERY
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCmsConstants.java:101:	Avoid excessively long variable names like STATIC_TEMPLATE_DATA
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCmsConstants.java:104:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SHIPPING_METHOD_PRICES
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCmsConstants.java:105:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SHIPPING_PRICE_TABLE_DETAIL
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCmsConstants.java:106:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SHIPPING_METHOD_DETAILS
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCmsConstants.java:107:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SHIPPING_METHODS_NAME_LIST
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCmsConstants.java:108:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SHIPPING_METHOD_STATES
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCmsConstants.java:109:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SITE_ITEM_DESCRIPTOR
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCmsConstants.java:110:	Avoid excessively long variable names like APPLICABLE_SHIPMETHODS_SITE_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCmsConstants.java:114:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SORTED_APP_SHIP_METHOD_PRICE_VO
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCmsConstants.java:115:	Avoid excessively long variable names like APP_SHIP_METHOD_PRICE_V_OS
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCmsConstants.java:116:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SORT_SHIPPING_PRICE
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCmsConstants.java:121:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CONTENT_CATALOG_KEYS
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCmsConstants.java:123:	Avoid excessively long variable names like MIN_DAYS_ADDITION_TO_ALHUU
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCmsConstants.java:124:	Avoid excessively long variable names like MAX_DAYS_ADDITION_TO_ALHUU
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCmsConstants.java:126:	Avoid excessively long variable names like DEFAULT_STATE_ALHI
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCmsConstants.java:127:	Avoid excessively long variable names like DEFAULT_STATE_OTHERS
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCmsConstants.java:128:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SHIPPING_METHODS_TABLE
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCmsConstants.java:135:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PLACE_HOLDER_VALUES
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCmsConstants.java:136:	Avoid excessively long variable names like FRM_DATA_PAGE_TITLE
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCmsConstants.java:138:	Avoid excessively long variable names like FRM_DATA_PAGE_TITLE_TEXT
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCmsConstants.java:139:	Avoid excessively long variable names like FRM_DATA_SENDERS_EMAIL
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCmsConstants.java:143:	Avoid excessively long variable names like EMAIL_SUB_BED_BATH_BEYOND_CANADA
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCmsConstants.java:144:	Avoid excessively long variable names like EMAIL_SUB_BED_BATH_BEYOND_US
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCmsConstants.java:145:	Avoid excessively long variable names like EMAIL_SUB_BUY_BUY_BABY
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCmsConstants.java:146:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SITE_ID_BEDBATH_CANADA
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCmsConstants.java:147:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SITE_ID_BEDBATH_US
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCmsConstants.java:148:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SITE_ID_BUYBUYBABY
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCmsConstants.java:149:	Avoid excessively long variable names like EMAIL_SUB_BRIDAL_SHOWS
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCmsConstants.java:150:	Avoid excessively long variable names like EMAIL_SUB_BABY_EVENTS
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCmsConstants.java:151:	Avoid excessively long variable names like EMAIL_SUB_COLLEGE_CHECKLIST
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCmsConstants.java:152:	Avoid excessively long variable names like EMAIL_COLLEGE_CHECKLIST
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCmsConstants.java:153:	Avoid excessively long variable names like EMAIL_SUB_BRIDAL_REGISTRY_CHECKLIST
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCmsConstants.java:154:	Avoid excessively long variable names like EMAIL_SUBJECT_BED_BATH_BEYOND_CANADA
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCmsConstants.java:155:	Avoid excessively long variable names like EMAIL_SUBJECT_BED_BATH_BEYOND_US
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCmsConstants.java:156:	Avoid excessively long variable names like EMAIL_SUBJECT_BUY_BUY_BABY
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCmsConstants.java:157:	Avoid excessively long variable names like EMAIL_REGISTRY_CHECKLIST
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCmsConstants.java:159:	Avoid excessively long variable names like EMAIL_BRIDAL_SHOWS_PAGE
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCmsConstants.java:160:	Avoid excessively long variable names like EMAIL_BABY_EVENTS_PAGE
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCmsConstants.java:161:	Avoid excessively long variable names like EMAIL_COLLEGE_CHECKLIST_PAGE
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCmsConstants.java:162:	Avoid excessively long variable names like EMAIL_BRIDAL_REGISTRY_CHECKLIST_PAGE
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCmsConstants.java:164:	Avoid excessively long variable names like EMAIL_SUBJECT_BABY_EVENTS
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCmsConstants.java:165:	Avoid excessively long variable names like EMAIL_SUBJECT_COLLEGE_CHECKLIST
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCmsConstants.java:166:	Avoid excessively long variable names like EMAIL_SUBJECT_BRIDAL_REGISTRY_CHECKLIST
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCmsConstants.java:167:	Avoid excessively long variable names like EMAIL_SUBJECT_BRIDAL_SHOWS
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCmsConstants.java:174:	Avoid excessively long variable names like LANDING_TEMPLATE_VO
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCmsConstants.java:183:	Avoid excessively long variable names like MODAL_OMNITUREDATA
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCmsConstants.java:184:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERROR_VALUE_NOT_FOUND
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCmsConstants.java:185:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERROR_NULL_INPUT_PARAM
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCmsConstants.java:186:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERROR_FETCH_STATIC_CONTENT
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCmsConstants.java:187:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERROR_FETCH_HOMEPAGE_CONTENT
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCmsConstants.java:193:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REST_SITE_STATIC_CONTENT_TEMPLATE
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCmsConstants.java:194:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REST_SITE_STATIC_COLLECTION_TEMPLATE
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCmsConstants.java:195:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REST_SITE_STATIC_MODAL_TEMPLATE
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCmsConstants.java:196:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REST_SITE_HOMEPAGE_TEMPLATE
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCmsConstants.java:197:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REST_SITE_STATIC_TEMPLATE_CAROUSEL
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCmsConstants.java:198:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REST_SITE_STATIC_TEMPLATE_PROMOBOX
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCmsConstants.java:199:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REST_STATIC_TEMPLATE_QUERY
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCmsConstants.java:200:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REST_HOMEPAGE_TEMPLATE_QUERY
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCmsConstants.java:201:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REST_STATIC_NEW_TEMPLATE_QUERY
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCmsConstants.java:202:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REST_STATIC_TEMPLATE_PROMO_QUERY
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCmsConstants.java:203:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REST_STATIC_TEMPLATE_PAGE_NAME_OTHERS
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCmsConstants.java:204:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERROR_NULL_INPUT_PARAM_PAGE_NAME
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCmsConstants.java:205:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERROR_INVALID_SITE_ID
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCmsConstants.java:206:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERROR_EMPTY_SITE_ID
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCmsConstants.java:208:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REST_STATIC_TEMPLATE_PROPERTY_PAGE_NAME
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCmsConstants.java:209:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REST_STATIC_TEMPLATE_PROPERTY_SEO_URL
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCmsConstants.java:211:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REST_STATIC_CONTENT_TEMPLATE_PROPERTY_PAGE_SUBHEADER_COPY
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCmsConstants.java:212:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REST_STATIC_CONTENT_TEMPLATE_PROPERTY_PAGE_TITLE
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCmsConstants.java:213:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REST_STATIC_CONTENT_TEMPLATE_PROPERTY_PROMOBOX_1
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCmsConstants.java:214:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REST_STATIC_CONTENT_TEMPLATE_PROPERTY_PROMOBOX_2
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCmsConstants.java:215:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REST_STATIC_CONTENT_TEMPLATE_PROPERTY_CAROUSEL
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCmsConstants.java:216:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REST_STATIC_CONTENT_TEMPLATE_PROPERTY_PAGE_CONTENTS
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCmsConstants.java:218:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REST_STATIC_COLLECTION_TEMPLATE_PROPERTY_PAGE_HEADER_COPY
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCmsConstants.java:219:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REST_STATIC_COLLECTION_TEMPLATE_PROPERTY_PAGE_COPY
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCmsConstants.java:220:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REST_STATIC_COLLECTION_TEMPLATE_PROPERTY_BBB_PAGE_NAME
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCmsConstants.java:221:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REST_STATIC_COLLECTION_TEMPLATE_PROPERTY_PRODUCT_LIST
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCmsConstants.java:222:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REST_STATIC_COLLECTION_TEMPLATE_PROPERTY_PROMOBOX
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCmsConstants.java:223:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REST_STATIC_COLLECTION_TEMPLATE_PROPERTY_CAROUSEL
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCmsConstants.java:225:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REST_HOMEPAGE_TEMPLATE_PROPERTY_CAROUSEL
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCmsConstants.java:226:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REST_HOMEPAGE_TEMPLATE_PROPERTY_BANNER
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCmsConstants.java:227:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REST_HOMEPAGE_TEMPLATE_PROPERTY_PRODUCT_CAROUSEL
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCmsConstants.java:228:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REST_HOMEPAGE_TEMPLATE_PROPERTY_CATEGORY_CAROUSEL
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCmsConstants.java:229:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REST_HOMEPAGE_TEMPLATE_PROPERTY_PROMO_LAYOUT1
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCmsConstants.java:230:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REST_HOMEPAGE_TEMPLATE_PROPERTY_PROMO_LAYOUT2
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCmsConstants.java:231:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REST_HOMEPAGE_TEMPLATE_PROPERTY_IMAGE_BOX1
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCmsConstants.java:232:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REST_HOMEPAGE_TEMPLATE_PROPERTY_IMAGE_BOX2
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCmsConstants.java:233:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REST_HOMEPAGE_TEMPLATE_IMAGE_COUNT
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCmsConstants.java:234:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REST_HOMEPAGE_TEMPLATE_CAROUSEL_IMAGES
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCmsConstants.java:235:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REST_HOMEPAGE_TEMPLATE_CAROUSEL_FLIP_TIME
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCmsConstants.java:236:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REST_HOMEPAGE_TEMPLATE_CAROUSEL_TITLE
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCmsConstants.java:237:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REST_HOMEPAGE_TEMPLATE_NO_OF_PRODUCTS_IN_CAROUSAL
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCmsConstants.java:238:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REST_HOMEPAGE_TEMPLATE_NO_OF_CATEGORY_IN_CATAGORY_CONTAINER
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCmsConstants.java:239:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REST_HOMEPAGE_TEMPLATE_CAROUSEL_PRODUCTS
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCmsConstants.java:240:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REST_HOMEPAGE_TEMPLATE_CATEGORY_IN_CONTAINER
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCmsConstants.java:242:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REST_CONTENTBOX_IMAGE_POSITION
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCmsConstants.java:243:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REST_CONTENTBOX_CONTENT
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCmsConstants.java:245:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REST_HOMEPAGE_TEMPLATE_PROMOBOX_HEIGHT
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCmsConstants.java:246:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REST_HOMEPAGE_TEMPLATE_PROMOBOX_WIDTH
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCmsConstants.java:247:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REST_HOMEPAGE_TEMPLATE_PROMOBOX_IMAGE_URL
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCmsConstants.java:248:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REST_HOMEPAGE_TEMPLATE_PROMOBOX_IMAGE_MAP_NAME
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCmsConstants.java:249:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REST_HOMEPAGE_TEMPLATE_PROMOBOX_IMAGE_LINK
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCmsConstants.java:250:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REST_HOMEPAGE_TEMPLATE_PROMOBOX_IMAGE_ALT_TEXT
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCmsConstants.java:252:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REST_HOMEPAGE_TEMPLATE_BANNER_TEXT
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCmsConstants.java:253:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REST_HOMEPAGE_TEMPLATE_BANNER_LINK
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCmsConstants.java:254:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REST_HOMEPAGE_TEMPLATE_BANNER_BACKGROUND
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCmsConstants.java:255:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REST_HOMEPAGE_TEMPLATE_BANNER_FOREGROUND
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCmsConstants.java:256:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REST_HOMEPAGE_TEMPLATE_BANNER_FONTSIZE
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCmsConstants.java:257:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REST_HOMEPAGE_TEMPLATE_BANNER_FONTWEIGHT
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCmsConstants.java:259:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REST_STATIC_MODAL_TEMPLATE_PROPERTY_PAGE_MESSAGE
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCmsConstants.java:260:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REST_STATIC_MODAL_TEMPLATE_PROPERTY_PAGE_TITLE
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCmsConstants.java:261:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REST_STATIC_MODAL_TEMPLATE_PROPERTY_PROMOBOX
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCmsConstants.java:263:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REST_STATIC_TEMPLATE_PROMOBOX_IMAGE_URL
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCmsConstants.java:264:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REST_STATIC_TEMPLATE_PROMOBOX_IMAGE_ALT_TEXT
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCmsConstants.java:265:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REST_STATIC_TEMPLATE_PROMOBOX_IMAGE_MAP_NAME
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCmsConstants.java:266:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REST_STATIC_TEMPLATE_PROMOBOX_IMAGE_MAP_CONTENT
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCmsConstants.java:267:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REST_STATIC_TEMPLATE_PROMOBOX_PROMOBOX_CONTENT
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCmsConstants.java:268:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REST_STATIC_TEMPLATE_PROMOBOX_IMAGE_LINK
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCmsConstants.java:270:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REST_STATIC_TEMPLATE_CAROUSEL_FLIP_TIME
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCmsConstants.java:271:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REST_STATIC_TEMPLATE_CAROUSEL_TITLE
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCmsConstants.java:272:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REST_STATIC_TEMPLATE_CAROUSEL_IMAGES
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCmsConstants.java:274:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REST_STATIC_MODAL_TEMPLATE_TYPE
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCmsConstants.java:275:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REST_STATIC_COLLECTION_TEMPLATE_TYPE
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCmsConstants.java:277:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REST_NAVIGATION_LINKS_TEMPLATE
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCmsConstants.java:278:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REST_NAVIGATION_LINKS_TEMPLATE_QUERY
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCmsConstants.java:279:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REST_NAVIGATION_LINKS_TEMPLATE_PROPERTY_LINKS
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCmsConstants.java:280:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERROR_FETCH_NAVIGATION_LINKS_CONTENT
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCmsConstants.java:281:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REST_NAVIGATION_LINKS_TEMPLATE_BANNER_SEPARATOR
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCmsConstants.java:283:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERROR_FETCH_CATEGORYPAGE_CONTENT
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCmsConstants.java:284:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERROR_NULL_INPUT_PARAM_CATEGORY_ID
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:31:	Avoid really long classes.
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:32:	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:40:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'BBB_ScheduledFeed' is not all capitals.
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:45:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SELECTED_PROMOTIONS_LIST
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:46:	Avoid excessively long variable names like AVAILABLE_PROMOTIONS_LIST
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:47:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SHIP_ZIP_CODE_RESTRICTED_FOR_SKU
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:48:	Avoid excessively long variable names like NO_SKU_ID_TO_REMOVE_FROM_CART
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:49:	Avoid excessively long variable names like NO_SKU_ID_TO_UPDATE_IN_CART
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:54:	Avoid variables with short names like NO
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:64:	Avoid excessively long variable names like UNKNOWN_STATE_CODE
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:66:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CART_WISH_LIST_REDIRECTION
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:68:	Avoid excessively long variable names like COMMERCE_ITEM_LIST
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:71:	Avoid excessively long variable names like EXPECTED_DELIVERY_DATE
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:78:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SHIPPING_METHOD_DESC
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:83:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SHIP_METHOD_VO_LIST
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:84:	Avoid excessively long variable names like EXPRESS_SHIP_METHOD
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:85:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PRE_SELECTED_SHIP_METHOD
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:105:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PROFILE_ITEM_DISCRIPTOR_NAME
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:111:	Avoid excessively long variable names like LEGACY_GET_ACCOUNT_ERROR
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:112:	Avoid excessively long variable names like LEGACY_VERIFY_ACCOUNT_ERROR
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:113:	Avoid excessively long variable names like LOGIN_PASSWORD_ERROR
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:114:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CREATE_PROFILE_EMAIL_ERROR
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:115:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CREATE_PROFILE_FIRSTNAME_ERROR
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:116:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CREATE_PROFILE_LASTNAME_ERROR
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:117:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CREATE_PROFILE_PASSWORD_ERROR
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:118:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CREATE_PROFILE_CONFIRMPASSWORD_ERROR
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:119:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CREATE_PROFILE_CONTAINS_NAME
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:120:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CREATE_PROFILE_PHONENUMBER_ERROR
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:121:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CREATE_PROFILE_MOBILENUMBER_ERROR
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:122:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CREATE_PROFILE_SYSTEM_ERROR
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:125:	Avoid excessively long variable names like MSG_STATE_IS_INCORRECT
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:125:	The String literal "state" appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 125
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:126:	Avoid excessively long variable names like MSG_ERROR_DUPLICATE_CC_NICKNAME
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:127:	Avoid excessively long variable names like MSG_CC_NUMBER_EMPTY
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:127:	The String literal "creditCardNumber" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 127
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:128:	The String literal "creditCardType" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 128
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:130:	Avoid excessively long variable names like MSG_CC_EXP_MONTH_EMPTY
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:131:	Avoid excessively long variable names like MSG_CC_EXP_YEAR_EMPTY
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:132:	Avoid excessively long variable names like MSG_CC_NUMBER_LENGTH_INCORRECT
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:133:	Avoid excessively long variable names like MSG_FNAME_LENGTH_INCORRECT
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:134:	Avoid excessively long variable names like MSG_LNAME_LENGTH_INCORRECT
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:135:	Avoid excessively long variable names like MSG_COMPANY_LENGTH_INCORRECT
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:136:	Avoid excessively long variable names like MSG_ADDR1_LENGTH_INCORRECT
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:137:	Avoid excessively long variable names like MSG_ADDR2_LENGTH_INCORRECT
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:138:	Avoid excessively long variable names like MSG_CC_NOC_LENGTH_INCORRECT
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:139:	Avoid excessively long variable names like MSG_CC_NUMBER_NON_NUMERIC
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:140:	Avoid excessively long variable names like MSG_EMPTY_CC_FIRST_NAME
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:140:	The String literal "firstName" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 140
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:141:	Avoid excessively long variable names like MSG_EMPTY_CC_LAST_NAME
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:141:	The String literal "lastName" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 141
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:143:	Avoid excessively long variable names like MSG_EMPTY_CC_COMPANY
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:144:	Avoid excessively long variable names like MSG_EMPTY_CC_STATE
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:145:	Avoid excessively long variable names like MSG_EMPTY_CC_POSTAL_CODE
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:146:	Avoid excessively long variable names like MSG_EMPTY_CC_ADDRESS1
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:147:	Avoid excessively long variable names like MSG_EMPTY_CC_ADDRESS2
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:149:	Avoid excessively long variable names like FORM_BRIDAL_BOOK_ID
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:153:	Avoid excessively long variable names like NUMERIC_FIELD_ONLY
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:161:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ALPHANUMERIC_WITH_SPACE
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:162:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ALPHANUMERIC_WITH_SPECIAL_CHAR
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:188:	Avoid excessively long variable names like MILLISECONDS_IN_ONE_DAY
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:194:	Avoid excessively long variable names like INVENTORY_FEED_CREATED
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:197:	Avoid excessively long variable names like INVENTORY_FEED_IN_PROGRESS
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:198:	Avoid excessively long variable names like INVENTORY_FEED_ERROR
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:199:	Avoid excessively long variable names like INVENTORY_FEED_COMPLETE
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:203:	Avoid excessively long variable names like FACEBOOK_NOT_LINKED
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:204:	Avoid excessively long variable names like FACEBOOK_LINK_ERROR
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:207:	Avoid excessively long variable names like FACEBOOK_CLIENT_ID
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:208:	Avoid excessively long variable names like FACEBOOK_CLIENT_SECRET
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:209:	Avoid excessively long variable names like FACEBOOK_AUTH_CODE
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:210:	Avoid excessively long variable names like FACEBOOK_AUTH_TOKEN
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:211:	Avoid excessively long variable names like FACEBOOK_REDIRECT_URL
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:212:	Avoid excessively long variable names like FACEBOOK_LANDING_URL
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:215:	Avoid excessively long variable names like USER_SITE_ASSOCIATION_REPOSITORY_ITEM
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:216:	Avoid excessively long variable names like USER_SITE_REPOSITORY_ITEM
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:218:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SENDER_EMAIL_PARAM_NAME
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:219:	Avoid excessively long variable names like TEMPLATE_URL_PARAM_NAME
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:220:	Avoid excessively long variable names like RECIPIENT_EMAIL_PARAM_NAME
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:221:	Avoid excessively long variable names like BCC_RECIPIENT_EMAILS
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:222:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SUBJECT_PARAM_NAME
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:225:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PRODUCT_ID_PARAM_NAME
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:226:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PRODUCT_NAME_PARAM_NAME
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:227:	Avoid excessively long variable names like EMAIL_ADDR_PARAM_NAME
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:228:	Avoid excessively long variable names like MOBILE_NUMBER_PARAM_NAME
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:229:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CUST_NAME_PARAM_NAME
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:230:	Avoid excessively long variable names like USER_IP_PARAM_NAME
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:231:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REQUESTED_DT_PARAM_NAME
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:233:	Avoid excessively long variable names like IN_STOCK_NOTIFY_DT_PARAM_NAME
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:234:	Avoid excessively long variable names like NOTICE_1_DT_PARAM_NAME
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:235:	Avoid excessively long variable names like NOTICE_2_DT_PARAM_NAME
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:236:	Avoid excessively long variable names like UNSUBSCRIBE_DT_PARAM_NAME
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:237:	Avoid excessively long variable names like FINAL_NOTICE_DT_PARAM_NAME
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:239:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SITE_FLAG_PARAM_NAME
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:243:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CONTACT_US_SUBJECT
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:246:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFT_WRAP_COMMERCE_ITEM
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:247:	Avoid excessively long variable names like COMMERCE_ITEM_COUNT
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:259:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PROPERTY_REPOSITORY
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:260:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PROPERTY_ITEM_DESCRIPTOR
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:262:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PROPERTY_LAST_MODIFIED_DATE
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:263:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PROPERTY_PURGE_PARAM
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:270:	Avoid excessively long variable names like DEFAULT_CREDIT_CARD
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:289:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CC_NEW_BILLING_ADDR
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:291:	Avoid excessively long variable names like INERNATIONAL_CREDIT_CARDS
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:295:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_CODE_RECLAIM_INVALID_USER_ID
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:296:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_CODE_RECLAIM_INVALID_USER_ID_PASSWORD
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:297:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_CODE_ALREADY_RECLAIMED
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:298:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_CODE_UNABLE_TO_RECLAIM
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:299:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_CODE_ACCOUNT_NOT_FOUND
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:317:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PARAM_PRICE_OBJECT
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:322:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PARAM_ORDER_OBJECT
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:327:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PARAM_FOR_ITEMS_RAW_TOTAL
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:332:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PARAM_CART_ITEMS_RAW_TOTAL
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:345:	Avoid excessively long variable names like OUTPUT_PARAM_PRICEINFOVO
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:347:	Avoid excessively long variable names like OUTPUT_PARAM_ECO_FEE_AMOUNT
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:348:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PARAM_COMMERCE_ID_ECO_FEE
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:355:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REDIRECT_PARAM_NAME
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:356:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REDIRECT_PARAM_VALUE
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:360:	Avoid excessively long variable names like BBB_VALIDATION_RULES_PROPERTY
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:379:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PRE_FORGOT_PASSWORD
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:380:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CONTACTUS_TIBCO_CALL
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:381:	Avoid excessively long variable names like INVENTORY_TIBCO_CALL
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:383:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SUBSCRIPTION_TIBCO_CALL
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:384:	Avoid excessively long variable names like BELONG_TO_OTHER_GROUP
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:385:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ADD_SITE_TO_PROFILE
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:387:	Avoid excessively long variable names like HANDLE_CREATE_CREDIT_CARD
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:388:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ADD_ITEM_TO_GIFTLIST
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:389:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ADD_ITEM_TO_WISHLIST
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:390:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ADD_TO_ITEM_POST_LOGIN_USER
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:391:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CHECK_USER_TOKEN_BVRR
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:393:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ENDECA_SEARCH_GET_COLLEGES
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:394:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ENDECA_SEARCH_GET_STATES
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:395:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ENDECA_FACET_SEARCH
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:396:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ENDECA_CATALOG_ID_SEARCH
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:400:	Avoid excessively long variable names like OBJECT_CACHE_PUT_TIME
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:404:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PASSWORD_NOT_MATCH
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:408:	Avoid excessively long variable names like BILLING_ADDRESS_CONTAINER
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:409:	Avoid excessively long variable names like POSSIBLE_BILLING_ADDRESSES
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:411:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SHIPPING_TAX_PRICE_INFO_KEY
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:415:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REGISTRY_SUMMARY_VO
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:421:	Avoid excessively long variable names like USER_NOT_LOGGED_IN
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:422:	Avoid excessively long variable names like USER_LOGGED_IN_WITH_NO_REGISTRIES
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:423:	Avoid excessively long variable names like USER_LOGGED_IN_WITH_SINGLE_REGISTRY
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:424:	Avoid excessively long variable names like USER_LOGGED_IN_WITH_MULTIPLE_REGISTRIES
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:425:	Avoid excessively long variable names like BBB_BUSINESS_EXCEPTION
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:426:	Avoid excessively long variable names like BBB_SYSTEM_EXCEPTION
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:427:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFT_REG_UPDATE_STATUS
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:428:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFT_REG_REMOVE_STATUS
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:438:	Avoid excessively long variable names like NULL_BILLINGADDRESS
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:440:	Avoid excessively long variable names like INVALID_COUNTRY_NAME
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:451:	Avoid excessively long variable names like BRIDALBOOK_TIBCO_CALL
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:452:	Avoid excessively long variable names like BABYBOOK_TIBCO_CALL
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:465:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACTIVATION_LABEL_ID
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:467:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACTIVATED_LABEL_ID
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:473:	Avoid excessively long variable names like COUPON_ACTIVATE_ERROR
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:474:	Avoid excessively long variable names like COUPON_UNKNOWN_ERROR
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:483:	Avoid excessively long variable names like TERMS_N_CONDITIONS_PROMOTIONS
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:492:	Avoid variables with short names like ID
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:496:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GET_DOZER_MAPPED_REQUEST
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:498:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GET_DOZER_MAPPED_RESPONSE
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:499:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GET_DOZER_MAPPED_ERROR
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:501:	Avoid excessively long variable names like TIME_FORMAT_COUPON
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:502:	Avoid excessively long variable names like DATE_FORMAT_COUPON
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:509:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ORDER_SUBSTATUS_SUBMITTED
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:510:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ORDER_SUBSTATUS_UNSUBMITTED
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:513:	Avoid excessively long variable names like TIBCO_MSG_ORDER_SUBMIT
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:523:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REGISTRY_ITEM_OLD_QTY
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:527:	Avoid excessively long variable names like INVENTORY_DECREMENT_SERVICE
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:528:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CACHE_INVALIDATION_SERVICE
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:531:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ORDER_ITEM_DESCRIPTOR
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:532:	Avoid excessively long variable names like STATE_ORDER_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:533:	Avoid excessively long variable names like STATE_DETAIL_ORDER_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:534:	Avoid excessively long variable names like LAST_MODIFIED_DATE_ORDER_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:535:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SHIPPING_GROUPS_ORDER_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:536:	Avoid excessively long variable names like TRACKING_INFO_ITEM_DESCRIPTOR
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:537:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CARRIER_CODE_TRACKING_INFO_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:538:	Avoid excessively long variable names like TRACKING_NUMBER_TRACKING_INFO_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:539:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACTUAL_SHIPDATE_TRACKING_INFO_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:540:	Avoid excessively long variable names like HARD_GOODS_SHIP_GROUP_ITEM_DESCRIPTOR
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:541:	Avoid excessively long variable names like STATE_DETAIL_SHIPGROUP_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:542:	Avoid excessively long variable names like DESCRIPTION_SHIPGROUP_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:543:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SHIPMENT_TRACKING_SHIPGROUP_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:544:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ORDER_FEED_JMS_MESSAGE
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:545:	Avoid excessively long variable names like INCOMPLETE_ORDER_STATUS
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:546:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REMOVED_ORDER_STATUS
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:571:	Avoid excessively long variable names like END_PROMOTION_DATE
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:573:	Avoid excessively long variable names like FAVOURITE_STORE_ID
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:578:	Avoid excessively long variable names like BAZAAR_VOICE_ERROR
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:584:	Avoid excessively long variable names like BV_DO_WRITE_REVIEW
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:585:	Avoid excessively long variable names like BV_WRITE_REVIEW_URL
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:623:	Avoid excessively long variable names like WEDCHANEEL_BUMP_REF_VAL
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:626:	Avoid excessively long variable names like COM_JUNCTION_PREFIX
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:645:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CJ_BOPUS_ONLY_ORDER
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:653:	Avoid excessively long variable names like RETAILER_REGISTRY_ID
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:660:	Avoid excessively long variable names like RKG_PROD_CATEGORYID_L1
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:661:	Avoid excessively long variable names like RKG_PROD_CATEGORY_NAME_L1
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:662:	Avoid excessively long variable names like RKG_PROD_CATEGORYID_L2
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:663:	Avoid excessively long variable names like RKG_PROD_CATEGORY_NAME_L2
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:664:	Avoid excessively long variable names like RKG_PROD_CATEGORYID_L3
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:665:	Avoid excessively long variable names like RKG_PROD_CATEGORY_NAME_L3
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:673:	Avoid excessively long variable names like HARTE_AND_HANKS_URL
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:678:	Avoid excessively long variable names like RKG_COMPARISON_ITEM_URL
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:685:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'REFERRAl_CONTROLS' is not all capitals.
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:686:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REFERRAl_CONTROLS_REG_EVENTS
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:686:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'REFERRAl_CONTROLS_REG_EVENTS' is not all capitals.
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:688:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REFERRAL_URL_PATTERN
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:691:	Avoid excessively long variable names like WEDDING_CHANNEL_REFERRER
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:695:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CJ_REF_URL_PARAM_PREFIX
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:696:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CJ_REF_URL_PARAM_SPLITTER
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:698:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REFFERAL_PARAMS_MAP
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:699:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CJ_SALE_REQ_PARAMS
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:701:	Avoid excessively long variable names like WC_CREATE_REGISTRY_PARAMS
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:702:	Avoid excessively long variable names like WC_SALE_REGISTRY_PARAMS
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:703:	Avoid excessively long variable names like WC_PRODUCT_SALE_PARAMS
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:705:	Avoid excessively long variable names like WC_REFERRER_PATTERN
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:708:	Avoid excessively long variable names like BP_CREATE_REGISTRY_PARAMS
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:709:	Avoid excessively long variable names like BP_SALE_REGISTRY_PARAMS
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:710:	Avoid excessively long variable names like BP_PRODUCT_SALE_PARAMS
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:711:	Avoid excessively long variable names like BP_REFERRER_PATTERN
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:730:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ET_FORGOT_PASSWORD
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:732:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'ET_ContactUs' is not all capitals.
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:733:	Avoid excessively long variable names like FORM_CONTACT_METHOD
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:743:	Avoid excessively long variable names like FORM_MOBILE_NUMBER
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:746:	Avoid excessively long variable names like FORM_SHARE_ACCOUNT
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:747:	Avoid excessively long variable names like FORM_REGISTRANT_NAME
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:757:	Avoid excessively long variable names like AFFILIATE_MOM365_COOKIE_KEY
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:770:	Avoid excessively long variable names like VALIDATE_OLD_ACCOUNT
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:778:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REQUEST_TELL_A_FRIEND_TIBCO
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:780:	Avoid excessively long variable names like RECIPIENT_FIRST_NAME
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:781:	Avoid excessively long variable names like RECIPIENT_LAST_NAME
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:796:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PRODUCT_DIM_ID_CACHE_NAME
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:797:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SEARCH_RESULT_CACHE_NAME
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:798:	Avoid excessively long variable names like KEYWORD_SEARCH_CACHE_NAME
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:799:	Avoid excessively long variable names like HEADER_FLYOUT_CACHE_NAME
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:800:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CATEGORY_LANDING_CACHE_NAME
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:801:	Avoid excessively long variable names like DROPLET_CACHE_NAME
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:802:	Avoid excessively long variable names like MAPQUEST_CACHE_NAME
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:803:	Avoid excessively long variable names like OBJECT_CACHE_CONFIG_KEY
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:804:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PRODUCT_DIM_ID_CACHE_TIMEOUT
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:805:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SEARCH_RESULT_CACHE_TIMEOUT
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:806:	Avoid excessively long variable names like KEYWORD_SEARCH_CACHE_TIMEOUT
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:807:	Avoid excessively long variable names like HEADER_FLYOUT_CACHE_TIMEOUT
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:808:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CATEGORY_LANDING_CACHE_TIMEOUT
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:809:	Avoid excessively long variable names like DROPLET_CACHE_TIMEOUT
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:810:	Avoid excessively long variable names like MAPQUEST_CACHE_TIMEOUT
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:811:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CLEAR_DROPLET_CACHE_ON_DEPLOYMENT
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:812:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CLEAR_MAPQUEST_CACHE_ON_DEPLOYMENT
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:813:	Avoid excessively long variable names like OBJECT_CACHING_ENABLED
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:814:	Avoid excessively long variable names like DROPLET_CACHING_ENABLED
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:815:	Avoid excessively long variable names like INVALIDATE_FLYOUT_CACHE_ON_PIM_DEPLOYMENT
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:816:	Avoid excessively long variable names like INVALIDATE_OBJECT_CACHE_NAMES
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:825:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SHIP_METHOD_STANDARD_ID
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:826:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SHIP_METHOD_EXPEDIATED_ID
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:827:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SHIP_METHOD_EXPRESS_ID
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:829:	Avoid excessively long variable names like RECLAME_URL_PARAMETER_1
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:834:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ADDITEMFLAGERROR_SHOWPOPUP
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:835:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ADDITEMFLAGERROR_SHOWPOPUP_2
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:836:	Avoid excessively long variable names like FBCONNECTFORMHANDLER_HANDLEFBLOGIN
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:837:	Avoid excessively long variable names like BBBPROFILEFORMHANDLER_HANDLEVALIDATE
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:838:	Avoid excessively long variable names like HANDLEEXTENDACCOUNT
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:852:	Avoid excessively long variable names like STOREDETAILSWRAPPER
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:858:	Avoid excessively long variable names like STOREDETAILS_FOR_REGISTLRY
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:869:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SHIPPINGADDRNICKNAME
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:870:	Avoid excessively long variable names like IMMUTABLECARDPROPERTIES
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:878:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SITE_BBB_US_IMG_LOC
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:879:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SITE_BBB_CA_IMG_LOC
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:900:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PHONE_NUMBER_IS_INVALID
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:901:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_PROFILE_EMAIL_EMPTY
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:902:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERROR_OCCURR_LINKING_FB
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:903:	Avoid excessively long variable names like MOBILE_NUMBER_IS_INVALD
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:906:	Avoid excessively long variable names like MSG_SELECT_RADIO_OPTION
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:907:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERROR_DUPLICATE_CC_NICKNAME
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:909:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_ADDRESSBOOK_ADDITIONERROR
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:910:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_ADDRESSBOOK_UPDATIONERROR
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:911:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_CREATE_REG_PHONE_NUMBER_IS_INVALID
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:912:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_LEGACY_PASSWORD_ERROR
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:913:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_LOGIN_FRAG_TECH_ISSUE
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:914:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_LOGIN_PASSWORD_ERROR
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:915:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_MOBILE_NUMBER_IS_INVALID
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:916:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_PROFILE_CONFIRM_PASSWORD_EMPTY
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:917:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_PROFILE_CONFIRMPASSWORD_FIELD_EMPTY
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:918:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_PROFILE_FIRSTNAME_FIELD_EMPTY
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:919:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_PROFILE_FIRSTNAME_INVALID
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:920:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_PROFILE_LASTNAME_FIELD_EMPTY
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:921:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_PROFILE_LASTNAME_INVALID
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:922:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_PROFILE_LOGIN_FIELD_EMPTY
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:923:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_PROFILE_OLDPASSWORD_FIELD_EMPTY
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:924:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_PROFILE_PASSWORD_CONFIRMPASSWORD_NOTEQUAL
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:925:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_PROFILE_PASSWORD_CONTAINS_NAME
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:926:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_PROFILE_PASSWORD_EMPTY
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:927:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_PROFILE_PASSWORD_FIELD_EMPTY
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:928:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_PROFILE_PASSWORD_OLD_NEW_NOTEQUAL
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:929:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_PROFILE_PASSWORDNOTIN_FNAMEORLNAME
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:930:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_PROFILE_REPOSITORY_PROFILE_TYPE_FETCHED_NULL
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:931:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_PROFILE_SYSTEM_ERROR_SHARE_SITE
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:932:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_RECLAIM_ACCOUNT_NOT_FOUND
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:933:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_RECLAIM_ACCOUNT_TECH_ERROR_FORGET_PASSWORD
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:934:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_RECLAIM_ACCOUNT_UNABLE_TO_RECLAIM
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:935:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_SUBSCRIBTION_FIRSTNAME_INVALID
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:937:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_UPDATEPROFILE_EMAILALREADYEXIST
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:938:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_UPDATEPROFILE_LOGINFIRST
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:939:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_CHECKOUT_INVALID_CARD_NAME
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:940:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_RECLAIM_ACCOUNT
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:941:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_PROFILE_EMAIL_INVALID
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:942:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_PASSWORD_EMPTY_ERROR
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:943:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_ACCOUNT_LOCKED_ERROR
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:944:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_CC_SYS_EXCEPTION
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:945:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_CC_BSYS_EXCEPTION
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:946:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_CHECKOUT_LEGACY_USER_MOB
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:947:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_LEGACY_USER_LOGIN_MOB
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:948:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_ADDRESSBOOK_REMOVEADDRESS
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:949:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_PROFILE_FIRSTNAME
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:950:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERROR_INVALID_CARD_NAME
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:951:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_CC_NOC_LENGTH_INCORRECT
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:952:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_CC_NUMBER_LENGTH_INCORRECT
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:953:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_CC_EXP_YEAR_EMPTY
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:954:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_CC_EXP_MONTH_EMPTY
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:957:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_CC_NUMBER_EMPTY
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:958:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_LOGIN_EMPTY_ERROR
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:959:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_RECLAIM_ACCOUNT_WS_ERR
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:960:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_RECLAIM_ACCOUNT_INVALID_EMAIL
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:961:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_PROFILE_LOOKUP_USER_ERROR
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:962:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_PROFILE_SYSTEM_EMAIL_TEMPLATE_NOT_SET
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:963:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_USER_ALREADY_ASSOCIATED_TO_SITE
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:964:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_CC_PROFILE_EMAILALREADYEXIST
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:965:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_CHANGE_PASSWORD_NOTIFICATION
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:966:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_CHANGE_PASSWORD_NOTIFICATION_LEGACY
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:968:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_CC_LAST_NAME_EMPTY
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:969:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_COMPANY_LENGTH_INCORRECT
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:970:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_CC_ADDR1_EMPTY
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:971:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_CC_ADDR2_EMPTY
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:972:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_CC_STATE_EMPTY
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:977:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_PROFILE_INVALID
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:978:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_CC_ORDER_NOT_EXIST
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:979:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_PROFILE_SEND_EMAIL
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:985:	Avoid excessively long variable names like UPDATE_ALL_INVENTORY_CONFIG
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:987:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REGISTRY_SUCCESS_BACK_BTN_URL
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:988:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REGISTRY_SUCCESS_BACK_BTN_URL_FLAG
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:989:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REGISTRY_BACK_BTN_FLAG_REDIRECT_ENABLED
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:990:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REGISTRY_BACK_BTN_FLAG_REDIRECT_SET
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:991:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REGISTRY_BACK_BTN_FLAG_REDIRECT_NONE
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:992:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SCHEDULED_FEEDS_CONFIG_TYPE
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:993:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SCHEDULED_FEEDS_PATH_CONFIG_KEY
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:1007:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ATG_REST_IGNORE_REDIRECT
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:1014:	Avoid excessively long variable names like DEFAULT_CHANNEL_VALUE
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:1015:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CHANNEL_DESCRIPTOR
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:1017:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CHANNEL_REPOSITORY
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:1029:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REQUESTDOMAIN_CONFIGURE
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:1030:	Avoid excessively long variable names like MOBILEWEB_CONFIG_TYPE
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:1032:	Avoid excessively long variable names like RESTRICTED_ATTRIBUTES_REST
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:1037:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SHIP_METHOD_IS_DISCOUNTED
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:1039:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SHOPPING_CART_PATH
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:1042:	Avoid excessively long variable names like AVAILABILITYMESSAGE
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreConstants.java:1064:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SHOW_VIEW_IN_BROWSER
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:26:	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:81:	Avoid excessively long variable names like WB_SERVICE_ERROR_1000
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:82:	Avoid excessively long variable names like WB_SERVICE_ERROR_1001
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:83:	Avoid excessively long variable names like WB_SERVICE_ERROR_1002
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:84:	Avoid excessively long variable names like WB_SERVICE_ERROR_1003
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:85:	Avoid excessively long variable names like WB_SERVICE_ERROR_1004
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:86:	Avoid excessively long variable names like WB_SERVICE_ERROR_1005
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:87:	Avoid excessively long variable names like WB_SERVICE_ERROR_1006
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:88:	Avoid excessively long variable names like WB_SERVICE_ERROR_1007
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:89:	Avoid excessively long variable names like WB_SERVICE_ERROR_1008
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:90:	Avoid excessively long variable names like WB_SERVICE_ERROR_1009
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:91:	Avoid excessively long variable names like WB_SERVICE_ERROR_1010
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:92:	Avoid excessively long variable names like WB_SERVICE_ERROR_1011
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:93:	Avoid excessively long variable names like WB_SERVICE_ERROR_1012
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:94:	Avoid excessively long variable names like WB_SERVICE_ERROR_1013
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:95:	Avoid excessively long variable names like WB_SERVICE_ERROR_1014
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:96:	Avoid excessively long variable names like WB_SERVICE_ERROR_1015
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:97:	Avoid excessively long variable names like WB_SERVICE_ERROR_1016
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:98:	Avoid excessively long variable names like WB_SERVICE_ERROR_1017
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:99:	Avoid excessively long variable names like WB_SERVICE_ERROR_1018
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:100:	Avoid excessively long variable names like WB_SERVICE_CITEM_NOT_FOOUND
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:101:	Avoid excessively long variable names like WB_SERVICE_INVALID_PARAM
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:103:	Avoid excessively long variable names like INTEGARTION_VALUELINK_ERROR_1000
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:104:	Avoid excessively long variable names like INTEGARTION_VALUELINK_ERROR_1001
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:105:	Avoid excessively long variable names like INTEGARTION_VALUELINK_ERROR_1002
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:106:	Avoid excessively long variable names like INTEGARTION_VALUELINK_ERROR_1003
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:107:	Avoid excessively long variable names like INTEGARTION_VALUELINK_ERROR_1004
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:109:	Avoid excessively long variable names like INTEGARTION_ENDECA_ERROR_1003
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:110:	Avoid excessively long variable names like INTEGARTION_ENDECA_ERROR_1004
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:118:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CHECKOUT_ERROR_1000
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:119:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CHECKOUT_ERROR_1001
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:120:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CHECKOUT_ERROR_1002
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:121:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CHECKOUT_ERROR_1003
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:122:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CHECKOUT_ERROR_1004
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:123:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CHECKOUT_ERROR_1005
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:124:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CHECKOUT_ERROR_1006
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:125:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CHECKOUT_ERROR_1007
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:126:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CHECKOUT_ERROR_1008
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:127:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CHECKOUT_ERROR_1009
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:128:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CHECKOUT_ERROR_1010
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:129:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CHECKOUT_ERROR_1011
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:130:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CHECKOUT_ERROR_1012
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:131:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CHECKOUT_ERROR_1013
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:132:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CHECKOUT_ERROR_1014
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:133:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CHECKOUT_ERROR_1015
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:134:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CHECKOUT_ERROR_1016
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:135:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CHECKOUT_ERROR_1017
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:136:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CHECKOUT_ERROR_1018
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:137:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CHECKOUT_ERROR_1019
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:138:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CHECKOUT_ERROR_1020
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:139:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CHECKOUT_ERROR_1021
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:140:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CHECKOUT_ERROR_1022
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:141:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CHECKOUT_ERROR_1023
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:142:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CHECKOUT_ERROR_1024
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:143:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CHECKOUT_ERROR_1025
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:144:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CHECKOUT_ERROR_1026
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:145:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CHECKOUT_ERROR_1027
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:146:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CHECKOUT_ERROR_1028
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:147:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CHECKOUT_ERROR_1029
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:148:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CHECKOUT_ERROR_1030
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:149:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CHECKOUT_ERROR_1031
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:150:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CHECKOUT_ERROR_1032
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:151:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CHECKOUT_ERROR_1033
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:152:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CHECKOUT_ERROR_1034
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:153:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CHECKOUT_ERROR_1035
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:154:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CHECKOUT_ERROR_1036
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:155:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CHECKOUT_ERROR_1037
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:156:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CHECKOUT_ERROR_1038
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:157:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CHECKOUT_ERROR_1039
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:158:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CHECKOUT_ERROR_1040
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:159:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CHECKOUT_ERROR_1041
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:160:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CHECKOUT_ERROR_1042
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:161:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CHECKOUT_ERROR_1043
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:162:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CHECKOUT_ERROR_1044
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:163:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CHECKOUT_ERROR_1045
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:164:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CHECKOUT_ERROR_1046
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:165:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CHECKOUT_ERROR_1047
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:166:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CHECKOUT_ERROR_1048
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:167:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CHECKOUT_ERROR_1049
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:168:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CHECKOUT_ERROR_1050
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:169:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CHECKOUT_ERROR_1051
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:170:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CHECKOUT_ERROR_1052
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:171:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CHECKOUT_ERROR_1053
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:172:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CHECKOUT_ERROR_1054
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:173:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CHECKOUT_ERROR_1055
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:174:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CHECKOUT_ERROR_1056
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:175:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CHECKOUT_ERROR_1057
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:176:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CHECKOUT_ERROR_1058
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:177:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CHECKOUT_ERROR_1059
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:178:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CHECKOUT_ERROR_1060
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:179:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CHECKOUT_ERROR_1061
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:180:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CHECKOUT_ERROR_1062
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:181:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CHECKOUT_ERROR_1063
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:182:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CHECKOUT_ERROR_1064
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:183:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CHECKOUT_ERROR_1065
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:184:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CHECKOUT_ERROR_1066
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:185:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CHECKOUT_ERROR_1067
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:186:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CHECKOUT_ERROR_1068
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:187:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CHECKOUT_ERROR_1069
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:188:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CHECKOUT_ERROR_1070
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:189:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CHECKOUT_ERROR_1071
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:190:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CHECKOUT_ERROR_1072
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:194:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1001
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:195:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1002
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:196:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1003
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:197:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1004
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:198:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1005
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:199:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1006
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:200:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1007
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:201:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1008
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:202:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1009
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:203:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1010
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:204:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1011
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:205:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1012
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:206:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1013
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:207:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1014
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:208:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1015
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:209:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1016
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:210:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1017
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:211:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1018
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:212:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1019
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:213:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1020
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:214:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1021
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:215:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1022
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:216:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1023
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:217:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1024
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:218:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1025
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:219:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1026
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:220:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1027
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:221:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1028
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:222:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1029
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:223:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1030
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:224:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1031
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:225:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1032
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:226:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1033
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:227:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1034
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:228:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1035
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:229:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1036
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:230:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1037
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:231:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1038
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:232:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1039
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:233:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1040
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:234:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1041
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:235:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1042
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:236:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1043
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:237:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1044
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:238:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1045
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:239:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1046
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:240:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1047
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:241:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1048
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:242:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1049
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:243:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1050
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:244:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1051
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:245:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1052
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:246:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1053
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:247:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1054
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:248:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1055
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:249:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1056
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:250:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1057
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:251:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1058
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:252:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1059
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:253:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1060
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:254:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1061
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:255:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1062
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:256:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1063
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:257:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1064
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:258:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1065
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:259:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1066
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:260:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1067
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:261:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1068
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:262:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1069
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:263:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1070
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:264:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1071
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:265:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1072
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:266:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1073
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:267:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1074
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:268:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1075
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:269:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1076
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:270:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1077
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:271:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1078
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:272:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1079
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:273:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1080
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:274:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1081
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:275:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1082
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:276:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1083
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:277:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1084
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:278:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1085
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:279:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1086
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:280:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1087
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:281:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1088
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:282:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1089
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:283:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1090
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:284:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1091
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:285:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1092
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:286:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1093
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:287:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1094
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:288:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1095
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:289:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1096
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:290:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1097
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:291:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1098
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:292:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1099
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:293:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1100
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:295:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1101
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:296:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1102
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:297:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1103
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:298:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1104
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:299:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1105
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:300:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1106
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:301:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1107
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:302:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1108
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:303:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1109
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:304:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1110
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:305:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1111
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:306:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1112
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:307:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1113
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:308:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1114
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:309:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1115
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:310:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1116
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:311:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1117
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:312:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1118
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:313:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1119
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:314:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1120
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:315:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1121
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:316:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1122
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:317:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1123
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:318:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1124
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:319:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1125
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:320:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1126
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:321:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1127
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:322:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1128
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:323:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1129
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:324:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1130
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:325:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1131
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:326:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1132
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:327:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1133
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:328:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1134
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:329:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1135
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:330:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1136
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:331:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1137
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:332:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1138
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:333:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1139
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:334:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1140
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:335:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1141
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:336:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1142
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:337:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1143
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:338:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1144
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:339:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1145
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:340:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1146
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:341:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1147
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:342:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1148
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:343:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1149
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:344:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1150
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:345:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1151
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:346:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1152
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:347:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1153
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:348:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1154
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:349:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1155
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:350:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1156
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:351:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1157
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:352:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1158
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:353:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1159
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:354:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1160
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:355:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1161
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:356:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1162
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:357:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1163
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:358:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1164
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:359:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1165
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:360:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1166
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:361:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1167
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:362:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1168
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:363:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1169
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:364:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1170
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:365:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1171
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:366:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1172
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:367:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1173
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:368:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1174
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:369:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1175
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:370:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1176
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:371:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1177
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:372:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1178
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:373:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1179
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:374:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1180
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:375:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1181
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:376:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1182
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:377:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1183
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:378:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1184
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:379:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1185
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:380:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1186
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:381:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1187
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:382:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1188
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:383:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1189
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:384:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1190
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:385:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1191
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:386:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1192
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:387:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1193
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:388:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1194
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:389:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1195
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:390:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1196
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:391:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1197
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:392:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1198
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:393:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1199
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:394:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1200
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:396:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1201
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:397:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1202
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:398:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1203
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:399:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1204
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:400:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1205
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:401:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1206
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:402:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1207
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:403:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1208
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:404:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1209
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:405:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1210
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:406:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1211
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:407:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1212
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:408:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1213
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:409:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1214
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:410:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1215
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:411:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1216
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:412:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1217
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:413:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1218
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:414:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1219
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:415:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1220
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:416:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1221
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:417:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1222
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:418:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1223
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:419:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1224
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:420:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1225
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:421:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1226
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:422:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1227
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:423:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1228
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:424:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1229
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:425:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1230
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:426:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1231
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:427:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1232
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:428:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1233
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:429:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1234
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:430:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1235
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:431:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1236
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:432:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1237
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:433:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1238
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:434:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1239
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:435:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1240
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:436:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1241
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:437:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1242
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:438:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1243
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:439:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1244
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:440:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1245
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:441:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1246
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:442:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1247
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:443:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1248
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:444:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1249
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:445:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1250
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:446:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1251
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:447:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1252
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:448:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1253
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:449:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1254
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:450:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1255
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:451:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1256
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:452:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1257
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:453:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1258
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:454:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1259
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:455:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1260
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:456:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1261
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:457:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1262
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:458:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1263
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:459:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1264
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:460:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1265
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:461:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1266
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:462:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1267
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:463:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1268
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:464:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1269
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:465:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1270
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:466:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1271
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:467:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1272
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:468:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1273
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:469:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1274
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:470:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1275
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:471:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1276
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:472:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1277
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:473:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1278
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:474:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1279
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:475:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1280
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:476:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1281
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:477:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1282
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:478:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1283
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:479:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1284
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:480:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1285
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:481:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1286
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:482:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1287
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:483:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1288
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:484:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1289
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:485:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1290
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:487:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1291
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:488:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1292
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:489:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1293
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:490:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1294
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:491:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1295
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:492:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1296
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:493:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1297
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:494:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1298
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:495:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1299
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:496:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1300
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:497:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1301
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:498:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1302
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:499:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1303
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:500:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1304
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:501:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1305
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:502:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1306
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:503:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1307
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:504:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1308
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:505:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1309
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:506:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1310
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:507:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1311
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:508:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1312
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:509:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1313
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:510:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1314
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:511:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1315
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:512:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1316
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:515:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SELF_SERVICE_ERROR_1000
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:516:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SELF_SERVICE_ERROR_1001
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:517:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SELF_SERVICE_ERROR_1002
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:518:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SELF_SERVICE_ERROR_1003
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:519:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SELF_SERVICE_ERROR_1004
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:520:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SELF_SERVICE_ERROR_1005
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:521:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SELF_SERVICE_ERROR_1006
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:522:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SELF_SERVICE_ERROR_1007
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:523:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SELF_SERVICE_ERROR_1008
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:524:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SELF_SERVICE_ERROR_1009
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:525:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SELF_SERVICE_ERROR_1010
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:526:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SELF_SERVICE_ERROR_1011
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:527:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SELF_SERVICE_ERROR_1012
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:528:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SELF_SERVICE_ERROR_1013
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:529:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SELF_SERVICE_ERROR_1014
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:530:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SELF_SERVICE_ERROR_1015
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:531:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SELF_SERVICE_ERROR_1016
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:533:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1317
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:534:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1318
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:535:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1319
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:536:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1320
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:537:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1321
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:538:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1322
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:539:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1323
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:540:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1324
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:541:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1325
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:542:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1326
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:543:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1327
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:544:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1328
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:545:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1329
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:546:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1330
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:547:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1331
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:548:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1332
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:549:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1333
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:550:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1334
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:551:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1335
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:552:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1336
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:553:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1337
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:554:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1338
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:555:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1339
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:556:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1340
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:557:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1341
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:558:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1342
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:559:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1343
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:560:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1344
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:561:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1345
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:562:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1346
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:563:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1347
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:564:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1348
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:565:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1349
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:566:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1350
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:567:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1351
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:568:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1352
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:569:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1353
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:570:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1354
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:571:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1355
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:572:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1356
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:573:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1357
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:574:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1358
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:575:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1359
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:576:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1360
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:577:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1361
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:578:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1362
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:580:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1363
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:581:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1364
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:582:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1365
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:583:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1366
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:584:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1367
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:585:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1368
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:586:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1369
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:587:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1370
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:588:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1371
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:589:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1372
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:590:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1373
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:591:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1374
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:593:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1375
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:594:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1376
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:596:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1377
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:597:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1378
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:599:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1379
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:600:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1380
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:602:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1381
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:603:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1382
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:605:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1383
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:606:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1384
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:607:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1385
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:608:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ACCOUNT_ERROR_1386
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:656:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_1001
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:657:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_1002
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:658:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_1003
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:659:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_1004
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:660:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_1005
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:661:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_1006
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:662:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_1007
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:663:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_1008
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:664:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_1009
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:665:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_1010
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:666:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_1011
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:667:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_1012
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:668:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_1013
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:669:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_1014
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:670:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_1015
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:671:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_1016
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:672:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_1017
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:673:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_1018
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:674:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_1019
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:675:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_1020
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:676:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_1021
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:677:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_1022
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:678:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_1023
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:679:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_1024
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:680:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_1025
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:681:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_1026
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:682:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_1027
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:683:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_1028
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:684:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_1029
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:685:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_1030
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:686:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_1031
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:687:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_1032
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:688:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_1033
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:689:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_1034
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:690:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_1035
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:691:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_1036
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:692:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_1037
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:693:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_1038
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:694:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_1039
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:695:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_1040
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:696:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_1041
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:697:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_1042
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:698:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_1043
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:699:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_1044
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:700:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_1045
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:701:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_1046
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:702:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_1047
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:703:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_1048
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:704:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_1049
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:705:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_1050
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:706:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_1051
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:707:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_1052
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:708:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_1053
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:709:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_1054
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:710:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_1055
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:711:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_1056
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:712:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_1057
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:713:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_1058
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:714:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_1059
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:715:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_1060
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:716:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_1061
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:717:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_1062
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:718:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_1063
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:719:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_1064
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:720:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_1065
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:721:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_1066
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:722:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_1067
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:723:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_1068
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:724:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_1069
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:725:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_1070
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:726:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_1071
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:727:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_1072
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:728:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_1073
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:729:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_1074
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:730:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_1075
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:731:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_1076
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:732:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_1077
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:733:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_1078
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:734:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_1079
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:735:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_1080
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:736:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_1081
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:737:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_1082
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:738:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_1083
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:739:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_1084
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:740:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_1085
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:741:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_1086
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:742:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_1087
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:743:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_1088
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:744:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_1089
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:745:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_1090
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:746:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_1091
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:747:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_1092
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:748:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_1093
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:749:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_1094
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:750:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_1095
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:751:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_1096
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:752:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_1097
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:753:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_1098
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:754:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_1099
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:755:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_10100
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:756:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_10101
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:757:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_10102
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:758:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_10103
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:759:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_10104
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:760:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_10105
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:761:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_10106
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:762:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_10107
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:763:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_10108
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:764:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_10109
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:765:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_10110
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:766:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_10111
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:767:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_10112
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:768:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_10113
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:769:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_10114
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:770:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_10115
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:771:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_10116
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:772:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_10117
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:773:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_10118
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:774:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_10119
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:775:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_10120
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:776:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_10121
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:777:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_10122
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:778:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_10123
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:779:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_10124
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:780:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_10125
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:781:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_10126
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:782:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_10127
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:783:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_10128
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:784:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_10129
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:785:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_10130
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:786:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_10131
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:787:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_10132
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:788:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_10133
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:789:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_10134
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:790:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_10135
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:791:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_10136
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:792:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_10137
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:793:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_10138
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:794:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_10139
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:795:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_10140
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:796:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_10141
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:797:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_10142
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:798:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_10143
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:799:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_10144
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:800:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_10145
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:801:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_10146
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:802:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_10147
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:803:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_10148
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:804:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_10149
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:805:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_10150
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:806:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_10151
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:807:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_10152
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:808:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_10153
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:809:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_10154
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:810:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_10155
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:811:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_10156
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:812:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_10157
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:813:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_10158
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:814:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_10159
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:815:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_10160
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:816:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_10161
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:817:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_10162
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:818:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_10163
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:819:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_10164
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:820:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_10165
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:821:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_10166
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:822:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_20130
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:823:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_20131
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:824:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFTREGISTRY_ERROR_20132
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:826:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CATALOG_ERROR_1001
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:827:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CATALOG_ERROR_1002
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:828:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CATALOG_ERROR_1003
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:829:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CATALOG_ERROR_1004
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:830:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CATALOG_ERROR_1005
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:831:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CATALOG_ERROR_1006
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:832:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CATALOG_ERROR_1007
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:833:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CATALOG_ERROR_1008
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:834:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CATALOG_ERROR_1009
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:835:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CATALOG_ERROR_1010
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:836:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CATALOG_ERROR_1011
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:837:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CATALOG_ERROR_1012
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:838:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CATALOG_ERROR_1013
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:839:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CATALOG_ERROR_1014
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:841:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERROR_MAPQUEST_1001
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:842:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERROR_CERTONA_1001
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:848:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERROR_CYBERSOURCE_1001
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:852:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERROR_SHIPPING_METHODS_1001
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:853:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERROR_SHIPPING_METHODS_1002
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:854:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERROR_SHIPPING_METHODS_1003
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:856:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERROR_GET_ORDER_DETAILS_1001
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:857:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERROR_GET_ORDER_DETAILS_1002
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:858:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERROR_GET_ORDER_DETAILS_1003
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:860:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERROR_SERVLET_DROPLET
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:863:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERROR_Legacy_Details
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:863:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'ERROR_Legacy_Details' is not all capitals.
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:865:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERROR_GET_ORDERs_1001
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:865:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'ERROR_GET_ORDERs_1001' is not all capitals.
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:867:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERROR_EMPTY_NICKNAME
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:868:	Avoid excessively long variable names like EXPRESS_CHECKOUT_CHECK_ERR
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:869:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ELIGIBLE_SHIPPING_TYPE_ERR
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:871:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERROR_ADD_REMOVE_GIFT_MESSAGE_1001
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:872:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERROR_ADD_REMOVE_GIFT_MESSAGE_1002
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:873:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERROR_ADD_REMOVE_GIFT_MESSAGE_1003
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:875:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REQUIRED_PARA_NULL
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:897:	Avoid excessively long variable names like FEED_PRICE_LIST_EXCEPTION
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:899:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERROR_CJ_REF_URL_PARAM
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:901:	Avoid excessively long variable names like VERS_MGR_WORK_FLOW_ERROR
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:902:	Avoid excessively long variable names like VERS_MGR_ACTION_ERROR
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:903:	Avoid excessively long variable names like VERS_MGR_GENERIC_ERROR
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:911:	Avoid excessively long variable names like VERS_MGR_ILLEGAL_ARGUMENT_EXC
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:912:	Avoid excessively long variable names like VERS_TOOLS_REPOSITORY_EXC
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:913:	Avoid excessively long variable names like VERS_TOOLS_SITE_ID_ERROR
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:914:	Avoid excessively long variable names like VERS_TOOLS_CONFIG_TYPE_NULL
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:915:	Avoid excessively long variable names like VER_TOOLS_CON_CLOSED
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:916:	Avoid excessively long variable names like VER_TOOLS_NO_RECORD_FOUND
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:917:	Avoid excessively long variable names like VER_TOOLS_CON_PROBLEM
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:918:	Avoid excessively long variable names like VER_TOOLS_SQL_EXCEPTION
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:920:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERROR_SERVLET_DROPLET_PACKNHOLD
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:921:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERROR_IO_DROPLET_PACKNHOLD
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:922:	Avoid excessively long variable names like NOT_VALID_PARAMETER
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:924:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERROR__SERVLET_CLOSENESSQUALIFIER
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:925:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERROR__IO_CLOSENESSQUALIFIER
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:926:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERROR_CLOSENESSQUALIFIER
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:927:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFT_CARD_ALREADY_EXISTS
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:928:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERROR_SCHOOL_ID_INVALID
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:929:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERROR_SCHOOL_ID_MISSING
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:931:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERROR_GET_ATG_ORDER_DETAILS_1001
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:932:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERROR_GET_ATG_ORDER_DETAILS_1002
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:934:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERROR_LOGOUT_USER_INVALID_PROFILE
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:935:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERROR_LOGOUT_USER_FAILED
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:938:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_SKU_PRICE_NOT_FOUND
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:939:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERROR_EMPTY_ADDRESSID
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:941:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERROR_INVENTORY_CHECK
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:942:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERROR_CONTACTUS_SUBJECT_INVALID
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:943:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERROR_CONTACTUS_FIRSTNAME_INVALID
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:944:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERROR_CONTACTUS_LASTNAME_INVALID
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:945:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERROR_CONTACTUS_EMAIL_LENGTH_INVALID
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:946:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERROR_CONTACTUS_CONTACT_TYPE_INVALID
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:947:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERROR_CONTACTUS_EMAIL_INVALID
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:948:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERROR_CONTACTUS_CONFIRM_EMAIL_INVALID
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:949:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERROR_CONTACTUS_PHONENUMBER_INVALID
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:950:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERROR_CONTACTUS_PHONE_EXT_INVALID
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:951:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERROR_CONTACTUS_EMAIL_CONFIRMEMAIL_NOT_SAME
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:952:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERROR_CONTACTUS_TIMEZONE_INVALID
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:954:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERROR_SEO_TAG_INPUT_NULL
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:955:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERROR_PROD_BREADCRUMB
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:956:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERROR_PROD_BREADCRUMB_INPUT_NULL
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:964:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERROR_GIFT_ERROR_1000
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:965:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERROR_GIFT_ERROR_1001
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:966:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERROR_GIFT_ERROR_1002
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:967:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERROR_GIFT_ERROR_1003
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:968:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERROR_GIFT_ERROR_1004
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:969:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERROR_GIFT_ERROR_1005
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:970:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERROR_CART_ERROR_1000
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:971:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERROR_CART_ERROR_1001
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:972:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERROR_CART_ERROR_1002
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:973:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERROR_CART_ERROR_1003
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:974:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERROR_CART_ERROR_1004
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:975:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERROR_CART_ERROR_1005
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:976:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERROR_GIFT_CHECK_COM
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:977:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERROR_GIFT_CHECK_REP
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:980:	Avoid excessively long variable names like INVALID_COMMERCEITEM_ID
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:983:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERROR_EMAIL_PERSISTANCE_ID_NULL
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:987:	Avoid excessively long variable names like EMAIL_PERSIST_ERROR
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:988:	Avoid excessively long variable names like EMAIL_FETCH_ERROR_1001
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:989:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GET_EMAIL_FETCH_SERVLET_EXCEPTION
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:990:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GET_EMAIL_FETCH_IO_EXCEPTION
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBCoreErrorConstants.java:991:	Avoid excessively long variable names like LAST_PLACED_ORDER_NULL
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:32:	Avoid excessively long variable names like COREG_CONTACT_ADDR_FIRST_NAME
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:34:	Avoid excessively long variable names like COREG_CONTACT_ADDR_LAST_NAME
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:36:	Avoid excessively long variable names like COREG_CONTACT_ADDR_LINE1
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:38:	Avoid excessively long variable names like COREG_CONTACT_ADDR_LINE2
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:40:	Avoid excessively long variable names like COREG_CONTACT_ADDR_CITY
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:42:	Avoid excessively long variable names like COREG_CONTACT_ADDR_ZIP
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:44:	Avoid excessively long variable names like COREG_PHONE_NUMBER
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:46:	Avoid excessively long variable names like COREG_MOBILE_NUMBER
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:48:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REG_CONTACT_ADDR_LINE1
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:50:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REG_CONTACT_ADDR_LINE2
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:52:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REG_CONTACT_ADDR_CITY
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:54:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REG_CONTACT_ADDR_ZIP
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:68:	Avoid excessively long variable names like BABY_NURSERY_DECOR_OR_THEME
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:72:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SHIPPING_NEW_ADDRESS_FIRST_NAME
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:74:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SHIPPING_NEW_ADDRESS_LAST_NAME
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:76:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SHIPPING_NEW_ADDRESS_CONTACT_ADDR_LINE1
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:78:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SHIPPING_NEW_ADDRESS_CONTACT_ADDR_LINE2
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:80:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SHIPPING_NEW_ADDRESS_CONTACT_ADDR_CITY
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:82:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SHIPPING_NEW_ADDRESS_CONTACT_ADDR_ZIP
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:84:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SHIPPING_FUTURE_ADDRESS_FIRST_NAME
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:86:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SHIPPING_FUTURE_ADDRESS_LAST_NAME
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:88:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SHIPPING_FUTURE_ADDRESS_CONTACT_ADDR_LINE1
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:90:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SHIPPING_FUTURE_ADDRESS_CONTACT_ADDR_LINE2
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:92:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SHIPPING_FUTURE_ADDRESS_CONTACT_ADDR_CITY
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:94:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SHIPPING_FUTURE_ADDRESS_CONTACT_ADDR_ZIP
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:97:	Avoid excessively long variable names like EVENT_TYPE_COLLEGE
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:98:	Avoid excessively long variable names like EVENT_TYPE_CERMONY
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:99:	Avoid excessively long variable names like EVENT_TYPE_BIRTHDAY
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:102:	Avoid variables with short names like CA
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:103:	Avoid variables with short names like US
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:105:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REGISTRY_TYPE_EVENT
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:109:	Avoid excessively long variable names like EVENT_TYPE_WEDDING
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:111:	Avoid excessively long variable names like WEDDING_CHANNEL_VALUE
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:123:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REGiSTRY_SEARCH_LIST
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:123:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'REGiSTRY_SEARCH_LIST' is not all capitals.
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:133:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REGISTRY_SEARCH_VO_TEMPLATE
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:135:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REGISTRY_SUMMARY_VO_TEMPLATE
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:137:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFT_REGISTRY_CONFIG_TYPE
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:138:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFT_REGISTRY_ACCEPTABLE_STATUSES_CONFIG_KEY
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:139:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFT_REGISTRY_ACTIVE_STATUS_CONFIG_KEY
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:140:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFT_REGISTRY_DELETE_STATUS_CONFIG_KEY
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:158:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REG_EVENT_TYPE_CODE
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:160:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REGISTRY_CATEGORY_MAP_VO
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:167:	Avoid excessively long variable names like DEFAULT_CAT_SORT_SEQ
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:168:	Avoid excessively long variable names like DEFAULT_ALL_VIEW_FILTER
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:171:	Avoid excessively long variable names like INSTOCK_CATEGORY_BUCKETS
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:172:	Avoid excessively long variable names like NOT_IN_STOCK_CATEGORY_BUCKETS
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:175:	Avoid excessively long variable names like TOTAL_ENTRIES_COUNT
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:178:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PASSWORD_EXCEPTION
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:180:	Avoid excessively long variable names like QUANTITY_EXCEPTION
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:181:	Avoid excessively long variable names like INVALID_QUANTITY_EXCEPTION
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:182:	Avoid excessively long variable names like EMPTY_PASSWORD_EXCEPTION
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:185:	Avoid excessively long variable names like BUSINESS_EXCEPTION
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:192:	Avoid excessively long variable names like INVALID_REGISTRY_EXCEPTION
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:193:	Avoid excessively long variable names like INVALID_EMAIL_EXCEPTION
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:194:	Avoid excessively long variable names like FORGET_PASSWORD_EXCEPTION
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:198:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REGISTRY_SEARCH_FIRST_NAME
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:199:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REGISTRY_SEARCH_LAST_NAME
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:200:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REGISTRY_SEARCH_REGID
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:201:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REG_SRCH_FIRST_LAST_EMAIL_REGID_EMPTY
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:202:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REG_SRCH_FIRST_LAST_EMAIL_REGID
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:203:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REG_SRCH_FIRST_LAST_REGID
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:204:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REG_SRCH_FIRST_LAST_EMAIL
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:205:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REG_SRCH_EMAIL_REGID
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:206:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REG_SRCH_FIRST_LAST_REGID_EMPTY
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:207:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REG_STORES_WHICH_ALLOW_APPOINTMENTS
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:213:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GR_ADD_ITEM_CERTONA
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:215:	Avoid excessively long variable names like RESPONSE_TYPE_JSON
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:218:	Avoid excessively long variable names like TOTAL_RESULT_COUNT
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:228:	Avoid excessively long variable names like EVENT_TYPE_REGISTRY
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:230:	Avoid excessively long variable names like FRMDATA_SENDERS_EMAIL
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:231:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PLACE_HOLDER_VALUES
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:234:	Avoid excessively long variable names like FRMDATA_COMMENT_MESSAGE
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:238:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PRODUCT_DETAIL_PAGE
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:239:	Avoid excessively long variable names like FUTURE_SHIPPING_DATE
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:242:	Avoid excessively long variable names like FRMDATA_SENDER_EMAIL_MESSAGE_HEADER
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:244:	Avoid excessively long variable names like USER_REGISTRIES_LIST
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:245:	Avoid excessively long variable names like USER_ACTIVE_REGISTRIES_LIST
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:246:	Avoid excessively long variable names like USER_ACTIVE_REGISTRIES_SIZE
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:248:	Avoid excessively long variable names like USER_REGISTRIES_SUMMARY
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:250:	Avoid excessively long variable names like DATE_FORMAT_CANADA
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:252:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PREF_REGISTRAINT_CONTACT_TIME
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:253:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PREF_CO_REGISTRAINT_CONTACT_METHOD
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:254:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PREF_STORE_NUM_DEFAULT
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:255:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PREF_CO_REGISTRAINT_CONTACT_TIME
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:259:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PREF_REGISTRAINT_CONTACT_METHOD
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:262:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REGISTRY_GUEST_URL
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:269:	Avoid excessively long variable names like DEFAULT_SORT_ORDER
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:272:	Avoid excessively long variable names like LOGIN_REDIRECT_URL
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:274:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GUEST_REGISTRY_URI
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:275:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CREATE_REGISTRY_URI
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:280:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SUCCESS_URL_ADD_ITEM
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:283:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SUCCESS_URL_IMPORT_REGISTRY
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:286:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_INVALID_EVENT_DATE_IMPORT_REGISTRY
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:289:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_INVALID_EVENT_TYPE_IMPORT_REGISTRY
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:300:	Avoid excessively long variable names like DEFAULT_SORT_SEQ_KEY
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:308:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_RESEARCH_BIZ_EXCEPTION
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:310:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_REGSEARCH_SYS_EXCEPTION
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:312:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_EMAIL_SENDING_EXCEPTION
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:314:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_SENDER_MAIL_EMPTY_OR_NULL
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:316:	Avoid excessively long variable names like EMPTY_SENDER_MAIL_MESSAGE
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:318:	Avoid excessively long variable names like EMPTY_RECEPIENT_MAIL_MESSAGE
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:320:	Avoid excessively long variable names like EMPTY_EVENT_TYPE_MESSAGE
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:322:	Avoid excessively long variable names like EMPTY_INPUTT_JSON_MESSAGE
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:324:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_RECEPIENT_MAIL_EMPTY_OR_NULL
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:326:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_EVENT_TYPE_EMPTY_OR_NULL
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:328:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_REGSEARCH_REPO_EXCEPTION
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:330:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_GIFT_REG_INPUT_FIELD_ERROR
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:332:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERROR_GIFT_REG_FATAL_ERROR
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:334:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_GIFT_REG_DITEFLAG_USERTOKEN_ERROR
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:336:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_GIFT_REG_INVALID_INPUT_FORMAT
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:338:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_UPDATE_REGITEM_SYS_EXCEPTION
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:340:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_UPDATE_REGITEM_BIZ_EXCEPTION
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:342:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_UPDATE_REGITEM_QUANT_EXCEPTION
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:343:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_UPDATE_REGITEM_QUANTS_SKUS_EXCEPTION
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:345:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_REM_REGITEM_BIZ_EXCEPTION
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:347:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_REM_REGITEM_SYS_EXCEPTION
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:349:	Avoid excessively long variable names like EMPTY_REGISTRY_ID_MESSAGE
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:351:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_REGISTRY_ID_EMPTY_OR_NULL
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:353:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_DAYS_TO_GO_INVALID
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:355:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_DAYS_TO_GO_INVALID_MESSAGE
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:357:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_EMAIL_SYS_EXCEPTION
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:359:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_NO_FORMAT_EXCEPTION
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:361:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_SRCH_FIRST_LAST_EMAIL_REGID
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:363:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_SRCH_FIRST_LAST_EMAIL_REGID_EMPTY
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:365:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_SRCH_FIRST_LAST_EMAIL
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:367:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_SRCH_FIRST_LAST_REGID
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:369:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_SRCH_EMAIL_REGID
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:371:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_CREATE_REG_INVALID_EMAIL_LENGTH
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:373:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_CREATE_REG_REGISTRY_ID_INVALID
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:375:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_CREATE_REG_FIRST_NAME_INVALID
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:377:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_CREATE_REG_LAST_NAME_INVALID
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:379:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_CREATE_REG_ADDRESS_LINE1_INVALID
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:381:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_GIFT_REG_INVALID_PASSWORD
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:383:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SENDER_RECEIPIENT_EMAIL_INVALID
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:385:	Avoid excessively long variable names like RECIPIENT_EMAIL_INVALID
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:386:	Avoid excessively long variable names like RECIPIENT_NAME_INVALID
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:387:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CURRENT_PAGE_URL_INVALID
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:389:	Avoid excessively long variable names like RECIPIENT_EMAIL_INVALID_MSG
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:393:	Avoid excessively long variable names like EMAIL_SEND_FAIL_MSG
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:395:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SENDER_EMAIL_INVALID
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:397:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SENDER_EMAIL_INVALID_MSG
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:400:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PARAM_DATA_SCROLL_TOP
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:401:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PARAM_DATA_ACCORDION_ID
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:403:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_GIFT_REG_INVALID_USER_TOKEN
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:405:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_MOVE_WISHLIST_ITEM_TO_REGISTRY_MSG
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:406:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_MOVE_WISHLIST_ITEM_TO_REGISTRY
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:407:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_WISHLIST_ITEM_INVALID_MSG
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:408:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_NULL_OR_EMPTY_REGISTRY_ID_MSG
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:409:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_NULL_OR_EMPTY_REGISTRY_ID
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:410:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_NULL_OR_EMPTY_WISHLIST_ID_MSG
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:411:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_NULL_OR_EMPTY_WISHLIST_ID
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:413:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_WISHLIST_ITEM_INVALID
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:414:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_FETCH_WISHLIST_ITEM_MSG
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:415:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_FETCH_WISHLIST_ITEM
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:416:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_CONFIG_VALUE_NOT_FOUND_MSG
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:417:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_CONFIG_VALUE_NOT_FOUND
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:418:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_SYSTEM_CONFIG_VALUE_NOT_FOUND_MSG
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:419:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_SYSTEM_CONFIG_VALUE_NOT_FOUND
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:420:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_ADDING_ITEM_TO_REGISTRY_MSG
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:421:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_ADDING_ITEM_TO_REGISTRY
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:422:	Avoid excessively long variable names like WISHLIST_PROPERTY_CATALOG_REF_ID
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:423:	Avoid excessively long variable names like WISHLIST_PROPERTY_PRODUCT_ID
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:424:	Avoid excessively long variable names like WISHLIST_PROPERTY_QTY_DESIRED
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:426:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_NULL_OR_EMPTY_SKU_ID_MSG
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:427:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_NULL_OR_EMPTY_SKU_ID
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:429:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_NULL_OR_EMPTY_PRODUCT_ID_MSG
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:430:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_NULL_OR_EMPTY_PRODUCT_ID
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:432:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_NULL_OR_EMPTY_ROW_ID_MSG
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBGiftRegistryConstants.java:433:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_NULL_OR_EMPTY_ROW_ID
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBSearchConstants.java:9:	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBTagConstants.java:27:	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBTagConstants.java:27:	Document empty constructor
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBTagConstants.java:49:	Avoid excessively long variable names like OORDER_HISTORY_TAG
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBTagConstants.java:51:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ORDER_SUBMISSION_TAG
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBTagConstants.java:52:	Avoid excessively long variable names like INVALIDATE_LAST_ORDER_TAG
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBWebServiceConstants.java:31:	Avoid excessively long variable names like TXT_LOGIN_ADD_REGISTRY
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBWebServiceConstants.java:32:	Avoid excessively long variable names like TXT_LOGIN_CREATE_REGISTRY
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBWebServiceConstants.java:33:	Avoid excessively long variable names like TXT_LOGIN_WISHLIST
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBWebServiceConstants.java:38:	Avoid excessively long variable names like TXT_WSDLKEY_PASSWORD
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBWebServiceConstants.java:39:	Avoid excessively long variable names like TXT_WSDLKEY_WSENDPOINT
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBWebServiceConstants.java:40:	Avoid excessively long variable names like TXT_WSDLKEY_WSSTUBCLASSES
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBWebServiceConstants.java:41:	Avoid excessively long variable names like TXT_WSDLKEY_WSTIMEOUT
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBWebServiceConstants.java:42:	Avoid excessively long variable names like TXT_WSDLKEY_WSSITEFLAG
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBWebServiceConstants.java:43:	Avoid excessively long variable names like TXT_WSDLKEY_WSTOKEN
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBWebServiceConstants.java:48:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_CODE_GIFT_REGISTRY_INPUT_FIELDS
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBWebServiceConstants.java:49:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_CODE_GIFT_REG_INVALID_REG_PASSWORD
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBWebServiceConstants.java:50:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_CODE_GIFT_REGISTRY_FATAL_ERROR
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBWebServiceConstants.java:51:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_CODE_GIFT_REGISTRY_SITE_FLAG_USER_TOKEN
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBWebServiceConstants.java:52:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_CODE_GIFT_REGISTRY_INPUT_FIELDS_FORMAT
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBWebServiceConstants.java:54:	Avoid excessively long variable names like COUPON_LIST_PARAMETER
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBWebServiceConstants.java:55:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SYSTEM_EXCEPTION_CODE
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBWebServiceConstants.java:56:	Avoid excessively long variable names like WEB_SERVICE_RESPONSE_ERROR
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBWebServiceConstants.java:57:	Avoid excessively long variable names like WEB_SERVICE_CALL_ERROR
src/com/bbb/constants/BBBWebServiceConstants.java:58:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERROR_RETRIEVING_VALID_INPUT
src/com/bbb/deployment/tibco/DeploymentStatusVO.java:73:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/deployment/tibco/DeploymentStatusVO.java:106:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/deployment/tibco/ObjectFactory.java:34:	Avoid excessively long variable names like _DeploymentStatus_QNAME
src/com/bbb/deployment/tibco/ObjectFactory.java:34:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, '_DeploymentStatus_QNAME' is not all capitals.
src/com/bbb/deployment/tibco/ObjectFactory.java:40:	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/com/bbb/deployment/tibco/ObjectFactory.java:40:	Document empty constructor
src/com/bbb/deployment/tibco/ObjectFactory.java:56:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/deployment/tibco/SubmitDeploymentStatusMessageMarshaller.java:22:	No need to import a type that lives in the same package
src/com/bbb/deployment/tibco/SubmitDeploymentStatusMessageMarshaller.java:40:	Perhaps 'context' could be replaced by a local variable.
src/com/bbb/deployment/tibco/SubmitDeploymentStatusMessageMarshaller.java:41:	Perhaps 'marshaller' could be replaced by a local variable.
src/com/bbb/deployment/tibco/SubmitDeploymentStatusMessageMarshaller.java:53:	Parameter 'pReqVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/deployment/tibco/SubmitDeploymentStatusMessageMarshaller.java:56:	Avoid excessively long variable names like deploymentStatusXml
src/com/bbb/deployment/tibco/SubmitDeploymentStatusMessageMarshaller.java:56:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'deploymentStatusXml' (lines '56'-'64').
src/com/bbb/deployment/tibco/SubmitDeploymentStatusMessageMarshaller.java:57:	Avoid excessively long variable names like submitDeploymentStatusVO
src/com/bbb/deployment/tibco/SubmitDeploymentStatusMessageMarshaller.java:57:	Local variable 'submitDeploymentStatusVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/deployment/tibco/SubmitDeploymentStatusMessageMarshaller.java:59:	Avoid excessively long variable names like deploymentStatusVO
src/com/bbb/deployment/tibco/SubmitDeploymentStatusMessageMarshaller.java:59:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'deploymentStatusVO' (lines '59'-'60').
src/com/bbb/deployment/tibco/SubmitDeploymentStatusMessageMarshaller.java:68:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/com/bbb/deployment/tibco/SubmitDeploymentStatusMessageMarshaller.java:68:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'stringWriter' (lines '68'-'72').
src/com/bbb/deployment/tibco/SubmitDeploymentStatusMessageMarshaller.java:74:	Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/com/bbb/deployment/tibco/SubmitDeploymentStatusMessageMarshaller.java:74:	Parameter 'vo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/deployment/tibco/SubmitDeploymentStatusMessageMarshaller.java:76:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'stringWriter' (lines '76'-'79').
src/com/bbb/deployment/tibco/SubmitDeploymentStatusMessageMarshaller.java:77:	Avoid excessively long variable names like deploymentStatusXml
src/com/bbb/deployment/tibco/SubmitDeploymentStatusMessageMarshaller.java:77:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'deploymentStatusXml' (lines '77'-'83').
src/com/bbb/deployment/tibco/SubmitDeploymentStatusMessageMarshaller.java:83:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'deploymentStatusXml' (lines '83'-'88').
src/com/bbb/deployment/vo/SubmitDeploymentStatusVO.java:12:	Avoid excessively long variable names like deploymentStatusVO
src/com/bbb/deployment/vo/SubmitDeploymentStatusVO.java:24:	Avoid excessively long variable names like deploymentStatusVO
src/com/bbb/deployment/vo/SubmitDeploymentStatusVO.java:24:	Parameter 'deploymentStatusVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/deployment/vo/SubmitDeploymentStatusVO.java:38:	Parameter 'pCacheEnabled' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/deployment/vo/SubmitDeploymentStatusVO.java:52:	Parameter 'pServiceName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBHardGoodShippingGroup.java:46:	Avoid excessively long variable names like IS_COMFIRMATION_ASKED
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBHardGoodShippingGroup.java:78:	A getX() method which returns a boolean should be named isX()
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBHardGoodShippingGroup.java:79:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBHardGoodShippingGroup.java:89:	Parameter 'giftWrapInd' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBHardGoodShippingGroup.java:104:	Parameter 'pRegistryInfo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBHardGoodShippingGroup.java:119:	Parameter 'pRegistryId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBHardGoodShippingGroup.java:135:	Parameter 'pSourceId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBHardGoodShippingGroup.java:143:	The String literal "unchecked" appears 10 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 143
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBHardGoodShippingGroup.java:144:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'commerceItemRelationship' (lines '144'-'148').
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBHardGoodShippingGroup.java:145:	Avoid excessively long variable names like commerceItemRelationshipList
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBHardGoodShippingGroup.java:145:	Local variable 'commerceItemRelationshipList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBHardGoodShippingGroup.java:147:	Avoid excessively long variable names like commerceItemRelationship
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBHardGoodShippingGroup.java:147:	Local variable 'commerceItemRelationship' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBHardGoodShippingGroup.java:148:	Local variable 'commerceItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBHardGoodShippingGroup.java:161:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'commerceItemRelationship' (lines '161'-'165').
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBHardGoodShippingGroup.java:162:	Avoid excessively long variable names like commerceItemRelationshipList
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBHardGoodShippingGroup.java:162:	Local variable 'commerceItemRelationshipList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBHardGoodShippingGroup.java:164:	Avoid excessively long variable names like commerceItemRelationship
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBHardGoodShippingGroup.java:164:	Local variable 'commerceItemRelationship' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBHardGoodShippingGroup.java:165:	Local variable 'commerceItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBHardGoodShippingGroup.java:177:	A getX() method which returns a boolean should be named isX()
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBHardGoodShippingGroup.java:179:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBHardGoodShippingGroup.java:193:	The String literal "rawtypes" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 193
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBHardGoodShippingGroup.java:194:	Parameter 'giftWrapMessage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBHardGoodShippingGroup.java:198:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBHardGoodShippingGroup.java:201:	Avoid excessively long variable names like specialInstructions
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBHardGoodShippingGroup.java:201:	Local variable 'specialInstructions' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBHardGoodShippingGroup.java:212:	Local variable 'giftMessage' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBHardGoodShippingGroup.java:213:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'giftMessage'
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBHardGoodShippingGroup.java:221:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'st' (lines '221'-'227').
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBHardGoodShippingGroup.java:222:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'trackingInfos' (lines '222'-'225').
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBHardGoodShippingGroup.java:223:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shipmentTrackingList
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBHardGoodShippingGroup.java:223:	Local variable 'shipmentTrackingList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBHardGoodShippingGroup.java:226:	Avoid variables with short names like st
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBHardGoodShippingGroup.java:226:	Local variable 'st' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBHardGoodShippingGroup.java:228:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBHardGoodShippingGroup.java:228:	Avoid variables with short names like ti
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBHardGoodShippingGroup.java:228:	Local variable 'ti' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBHardGoodShippingGroup.java:237:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'st' (lines '237'-'243').
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBHardGoodShippingGroup.java:238:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'trackingInfos' (lines '238'-'241').
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBHardGoodShippingGroup.java:239:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shipmentTrackingList
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBHardGoodShippingGroup.java:239:	Local variable 'shipmentTrackingList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBHardGoodShippingGroup.java:242:	Avoid variables with short names like st
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBHardGoodShippingGroup.java:242:	Local variable 'st' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBHardGoodShippingGroup.java:244:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBHardGoodShippingGroup.java:244:	Avoid variables with short names like ti
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBHardGoodShippingGroup.java:244:	Local variable 'ti' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBHardGoodShippingGroup.java:253:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'date' (lines '253'-'255').
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBHardGoodShippingGroup.java:254:	No need to check for null before an instanceof
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBHardGoodShippingGroup.java:260:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'confirmation' (lines '260'-'263').
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBHardGoodShippingGroup.java:269:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'email' (lines '269'-'272').
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBHardGoodShippingGroup.java:277:	Parameter 'pPackAndHoldDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBHardGoodShippingGroup.java:278:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBHardGoodShippingGroup.java:281:	Avoid excessively long variable names like specialInstructions
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBHardGoodShippingGroup.java:281:	Local variable 'specialInstructions' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBHardGoodShippingGroup.java:287:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pSendShippingConfirmation
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBHardGoodShippingGroup.java:287:	Parameter 'pSendShippingConfirmation' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBHardGoodShippingGroup.java:288:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBHardGoodShippingGroup.java:291:	Avoid excessively long variable names like specialInstructions
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBHardGoodShippingGroup.java:291:	Local variable 'specialInstructions' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBHardGoodShippingGroup.java:298:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pShippingConfirmationEmail
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBHardGoodShippingGroup.java:298:	Parameter 'pShippingConfirmationEmail' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBHardGoodShippingGroup.java:299:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBHardGoodShippingGroup.java:302:	Avoid excessively long variable names like specialInstructions
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBHardGoodShippingGroup.java:302:	Local variable 'specialInstructions' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBHardGoodShippingGroup.java:314:	Parameter 'pEcoFeeItemMap' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBHardGoodShippingGroup.java:319:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shipmentTrackerSet
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBHardGoodShippingGroup.java:319:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'st' (lines '319'-'326').
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBHardGoodShippingGroup.java:319:	Parameter 'shipmentTrackerSet' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBHardGoodShippingGroup.java:321:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shipmentTrackingList
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBHardGoodShippingGroup.java:321:	Local variable 'shipmentTrackingList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBHardGoodShippingGroup.java:325:	Avoid variables with short names like st
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBHardGoodShippingGroup.java:325:	Local variable 'st' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBHardGoodShippingGroup.java:333:	Parameter 'pShippingAddress' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBHardGoodShippingGroup.java:340:	Avoid throwing raw exception types.
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBHardGoodShippingGroup.java:340:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrder.java:22:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrder.java:24:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrder.java:26:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrder.java:28:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrder.java:30:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrder.java:32:	Avoid excessively long variable names like isMessageShownOnCart
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrder.java:32:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrder.java:34:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrder.java:36:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrder.java:38:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrder.java:40:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrder.java:42:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrder.java:44:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrder.java:46:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrder.java:48:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrder.java:50:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrder.java:52:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrder.java:55:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrder.java:57:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrder.java:59:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrder.java:61:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrder.java:64:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrder.java:66:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrder.java:68:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrder.java:70:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrder.java:72:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrder.java:74:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrder.java:76:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrder.java:78:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrder.java:80:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrder.java:82:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrder.java:84:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrder.java:93:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrder.java:101:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrderImpl.java:36:	The class 'BBBOrderImpl' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 12).
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrderImpl.java:46:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mExcludedPromotionMap
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrderImpl.java:49:	Avoid excessively long variable names like isMessageShownOnCart
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrderImpl.java:49:	Field isMessageShownOnCart has the same name as a method
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrderImpl.java:88:	Avoid excessively long variable names like isMessageShownOnCart
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrderImpl.java:93:	The String literal "rawtypes" appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 93
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrderImpl.java:113:	The String literal "unchecked" appears 10 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 113
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrderImpl.java:142:	The method 'getExistsItemsForSameSKU' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 12.
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrderImpl.java:143:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'commerceItemList' (lines '143'-'148').
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrderImpl.java:143:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'commerceItemList' (lines '143'-'175').
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrderImpl.java:144:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'existingItemList' (lines '144'-'175').
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrderImpl.java:148:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'commerceItemList' (lines '148'-'175').
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrderImpl.java:158:	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrderImpl.java:162:	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrderImpl.java:166:	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrderImpl.java:183:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'addressList'
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrderImpl.java:208:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'repoContInfo' (lines '208'-'210').
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrderImpl.java:231:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'sg' (lines '231'-'236').
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrderImpl.java:232:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'trackingInfos' (lines '232'-'234').
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrderImpl.java:235:	Avoid variables with short names like sg
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrderImpl.java:262:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'commerceItem' (lines '262'-'265').
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrderImpl.java:278:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'cItem' (lines '278'-'285').
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrderImpl.java:278:	The method 'getOrderType' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 12.
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrderImpl.java:279:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'foundBopus' (lines '279'-'288').
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrderImpl.java:279:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'foundBopus' (lines '279'-'308').
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrderImpl.java:280:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'foundOnline' (lines '280'-'290').
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrderImpl.java:280:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'foundOnline' (lines '280'-'293').
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrderImpl.java:280:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'foundOnline' (lines '280'-'308').
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrderImpl.java:288:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'foundBopus' (lines '288'-'288').
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrderImpl.java:290:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'foundOnline' (lines '290'-'290').
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrderImpl.java:290:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'foundOnline' (lines '290'-'293').
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrderImpl.java:293:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'foundOnline' (lines '293'-'290').
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrderImpl.java:293:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'foundOnline' (lines '293'-'293').
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrderImpl.java:319:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'cItem' (lines '319'-'330').
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrderImpl.java:319:	The method 'getOnlineBopusItemsStatusInOrder' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 12.
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrderImpl.java:323:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'foundBopus' (lines '323'-'333').
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrderImpl.java:323:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'foundBopus' (lines '323'-'353').
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrderImpl.java:324:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'foundOnline' (lines '324'-'335').
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrderImpl.java:324:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'foundOnline' (lines '324'-'338').
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrderImpl.java:324:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'foundOnline' (lines '324'-'353').
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrderImpl.java:326:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'status' (lines '326'-'343').
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrderImpl.java:326:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'status' (lines '326'-'345').
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrderImpl.java:326:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'status' (lines '326'-'347').
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrderImpl.java:333:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'foundBopus' (lines '333'-'333').
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrderImpl.java:335:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'foundOnline' (lines '335'-'335').
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrderImpl.java:335:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'foundOnline' (lines '335'-'338').
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrderImpl.java:338:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'foundOnline' (lines '338'-'335').
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrderImpl.java:338:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'foundOnline' (lines '338'-'338').
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrderImpl.java:360:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'commerceItem' (lines '360'-'372').
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrderImpl.java:362:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'giftWrapItemCount' (lines '362'-'390').
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrderImpl.java:363:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'ecoFeeItemCount' (lines '363'-'390').
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrderImpl.java:364:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'commerceItemCount' (lines '364'-'368').
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrderImpl.java:368:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'commerceItemCount' (lines '368'-'381').
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrderImpl.java:368:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'commerceItemCount' (lines '368'-'385').
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrderImpl.java:401:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'shippingGroup' (lines '401'-'410').
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrderImpl.java:403:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'shipMethods' (lines '403'-'408').
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrderImpl.java:407:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0) with calls to isEmpty()
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrderImpl.java:417:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrderImpl.java:417:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0) with calls to isEmpty()
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrderImpl.java:418:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrderImpl.java:429:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'shippingGroup' (lines '429'-'435').
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrderImpl.java:430:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'shippingAddress' (lines '430'-'436').
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrderImpl.java:430:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'shippingAddress' (lines '430'-'442').
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrderImpl.java:433:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0) with calls to isEmpty()
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrderImpl.java:452:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'entry' (lines '452'-'461').
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrderImpl.java:454:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'firstMethod' (lines '454'-'458').
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrderImpl.java:455:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'different' (lines '455'-'463').
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrderImpl.java:469:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrderImpl.java:469:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrderImpl.java:473:	Use block level rather than method level synchronization
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrderImpl.java:480:	Use block level rather than method level synchronization
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrderTools.java:40:	The class 'BBBOrderTools' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 13).
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrderTools.java:46:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mGiftWrapCommerceItemType
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrderTools.java:53:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mEcoFeeCommerceItemType
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrderTools.java:66:	Parameter 'pPropertyManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrderTools.java:80:	Parameter 'mSubmittedDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrderTools.java:80:	Parameter 'pEndIndex' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrderTools.java:80:	Parameter 'pStartIndex' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrderTools.java:80:	Parameter 'pSubstatus' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrderTools.java:81:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'orders' (lines '81'-'117').
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrderTools.java:83:	Local variable 'repository' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrderTools.java:89:	Avoid excessively long variable names like orderItemDescriptor
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrderTools.java:89:	Local variable 'orderItemDescriptor' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrderTools.java:90:	Local variable 'orderView' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrderTools.java:91:	Local variable 'orderQueryBuilder' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrderTools.java:94:	Local variable 'substatusProperty' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrderTools.java:95:	Local variable 'substatusValue' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrderTools.java:96:	Local variable 'substatusQuery' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrderTools.java:99:	Avoid excessively long variable names like submittedDateProperty
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrderTools.java:99:	Local variable 'submittedDateProperty' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrderTools.java:100:	Avoid excessively long variable names like submittedDateValue
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrderTools.java:100:	Local variable 'submittedDateValue' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrderTools.java:101:	Avoid excessively long variable names like submittedDateQuery
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrderTools.java:101:	Local variable 'submittedDateQuery' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrderTools.java:104:	Avoid excessively long variable names like dataCenterProperty
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrderTools.java:104:	Local variable 'dataCenterProperty' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrderTools.java:105:	Local variable 'dataCenterValue' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrderTools.java:106:	Local variable 'dataCenterQuery' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrderTools.java:109:	Local variable 'pieces' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrderTools.java:110:	Avoid excessively long variable names like unsubmittedOrdersQuery
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrderTools.java:110:	Local variable 'unsubmittedOrdersQuery' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrderTools.java:117:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'orders' (lines '117'-'137').
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrderTools.java:120:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrderTools.java:128:	Local variable 'msg' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrderTools.java:147:	Parameter 'pOrder' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrderTools.java:147:	Parameter 'pSubstatus' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrderTools.java:148:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'success' (lines '148'-'167').
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrderTools.java:149:	Local variable 'orderID' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrderTools.java:150:	Local variable 'repository' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrderTools.java:151:	Local variable 'request' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrderTools.java:157:	Local variable 'orderItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrderTools.java:159:	Local variable 'isMobileOrder' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrderTools.java:167:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'success' (lines '167'-'178').
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrderTools.java:169:	Local variable 'msg' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrderTools.java:183:	Local variable 'orderRepo' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrderTools.java:184:	Local variable 'addrItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrderTools.java:185:	Local variable 'repoConInfo' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrderTools.java:192:	Avoid excessively long variable names like onlineOrBopusOrderNumber
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrderTools.java:192:	Parameter 'onlineOrBopusOrderNumber' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrderTools.java:192:	The method 'getOrderFromOnlineOrBopusOrderNumber' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 13.
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrderTools.java:192:	The method getOrderFromOnlineOrBopusOrderNumber() has an NPath complexity of 396
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrderTools.java:204:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'order' (lines '204'-'206').
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrderTools.java:221:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'statement' (lines '221'-'223').
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrderTools.java:221:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'statement' (lines '221'-'226').
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrderTools.java:229:	Local variable 'view' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrderTools.java:230:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'params' (lines '230'-'231').
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrderTools.java:233:	Local variable 'items' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrderTools.java:235:	Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrderTools.java:255:	Parameter 'pOrderManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrderTools.java:271:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pGiftWrapCommerceItemType
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrderTools.java:271:	Parameter 'pGiftWrapCommerceItemType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrderTools.java:286:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pEcoFeeCommerceItemType
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrderTools.java:286:	Parameter 'pEcoFeeCommerceItemType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrderTools.java:294:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'commerceItem' (lines '294'-'313').
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrderTools.java:294:	Parameter 'order' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrderTools.java:294:	The method 'invalidateOrderCache' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrderTools.java:296:	No need to check for null before an instanceof
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrderTools.java:298:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'orderId' (lines '298'-'334').
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrderTools.java:298:	Local variable 'orderId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrderTools.java:300:	Local variable 'mutItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrderTools.java:301:	Local variable 'itemDescriptor' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrderTools.java:311:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrderTools.java:312:	Local variable 'commerceItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrderTools.java:313:	Local variable 'mcommItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrderTools.java:314:	Avoid excessively long variable names like commItemDescriptor
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrderTools.java:314:	Local variable 'commItemDescriptor' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrderTools.java:330:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrderTools.java:339:	Parameter 'desc' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrderTools.java:339:	Parameter 'mutItem' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrderTools.java:344:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBOrderTools.java:359:	Parameter 'dcPrefix' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBPropertyNameConstants.java:12:	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBShippingGroup.java:7:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBShippingGroup.java:9:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBStoreShippingGroup.java:41:	Parameter 'pStoreId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/ecommerce/order/BBBStoreShippingGroup.java:50:	Parameter 'pEcoFeeItemMap' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/email/BBBEmailConfiguration.java:23:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.framework.performance.BBBPerformanceConstants'
src/com/bbb/email/BBBEmailConfiguration.java:23:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.framework.performance.BBBPerformanceConstants'
src/com/bbb/email/BBBEmailConfiguration.java:24:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.framework.performance.BBBPerformanceMonitor'
src/com/bbb/email/BBBEmailConfiguration.java:24:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.framework.performance.BBBPerformanceMonitor'
src/com/bbb/email/BBBEmailConfiguration.java:33:	The class 'BBBEmailConfiguration' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 13).
src/com/bbb/email/BBBEmailConfiguration.java:36:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CONFIG_KEYS_NOT_AVAILABLE
src/com/bbb/email/BBBEmailConfiguration.java:37:	Avoid excessively long variable names like UNABLE_TO_RETRIEVE_DATA_FROM_REPOSITORY_REPOSITORY_EXCEPTION
src/com/bbb/email/BBBEmailConfiguration.java:39:	Avoid excessively long variable names like configureRepository
src/com/bbb/email/BBBEmailConfiguration.java:40:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mEmailHandlerHostName
src/com/bbb/email/BBBEmailConfiguration.java:72:	Parameter 'pHostConfigKey' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/email/BBBEmailConfiguration.java:87:	Parameter 'pPortConfigKey' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/email/BBBEmailConfiguration.java:102:	Parameter 'pConfigType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/email/BBBEmailConfiguration.java:110:	Local variable 'smtpConfigvalue' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/email/BBBEmailConfiguration.java:111:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/email/BBBEmailConfiguration.java:120:	Parameter 'pEmailHandlerPort' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/email/BBBEmailConfiguration.java:136:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pEmailHandlerHostName
src/com/bbb/email/BBBEmailConfiguration.java:136:	Parameter 'pEmailHandlerHostName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/email/BBBEmailConfiguration.java:140:	Parameter 'key' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/email/BBBEmailConfiguration.java:141:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'smtpConfigvalue' (lines '141'-'152').
src/com/bbb/email/BBBEmailConfiguration.java:142:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'smtpList' (lines '142'-'144').
src/com/bbb/email/BBBEmailConfiguration.java:157:	Parameter 'pItem' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/email/BBBEmailConfiguration.java:157:	Parameter 'pPropertyName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/email/BBBEmailConfiguration.java:166:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'configKeyValue' (lines '166'-'190').
src/com/bbb/email/BBBEmailConfiguration.java:166:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'value' (lines '166'-'201').
src/com/bbb/email/BBBEmailConfiguration.java:166:	Parameter 'configType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/email/BBBEmailConfiguration.java:166:	Parameter 'key' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/email/BBBEmailConfiguration.java:166:	The method 'getAllValuesForKey' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 13.
src/com/bbb/email/BBBEmailConfiguration.java:168:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'allValues' (lines '168'-'231').
src/com/bbb/email/BBBEmailConfiguration.java:168:	Local variable 'allValues' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/email/BBBEmailConfiguration.java:169:	Avoid excessively long variable names like configValueForConfigKeys
src/com/bbb/email/BBBEmailConfiguration.java:169:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'configValueForConfigKeys' (lines '169'-'181').
src/com/bbb/email/BBBEmailConfiguration.java:169:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'configValueForConfigKeys' (lines '169'-'231').
src/com/bbb/email/BBBEmailConfiguration.java:178:	Local variable 'params' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/email/BBBEmailConfiguration.java:181:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'configValueForConfigKeys' (lines '181'-'231').
src/com/bbb/email/BBBEmailConfiguration.java:182:	Local variable 'configKeysRepo' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/email/BBBEmailConfiguration.java:186:	Local variable 'configKeyValues' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/email/BBBEmailConfiguration.java:188:	Local variable 'configKeyValue' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/email/BBBEmailConfiguration.java:193:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'configKeys'.
src/com/bbb/email/BBBEmailConfiguration.java:193:	Local variable 'configKeys' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/email/BBBEmailConfiguration.java:194:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/email/BBBEmailConfiguration.java:195:	Local variable 'keyValue' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/email/BBBEmailConfiguration.java:197:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/email/BBBEmailConfiguration.java:198:	Local variable 'splitValues' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/email/BBBEmailConfiguration.java:200:	Local variable 'value' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/email/BBBEmailConfiguration.java:237:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'repositoryItems' (lines '237'-'266').
src/com/bbb/email/BBBEmailConfiguration.java:237:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'repositoryItems' (lines '237'-'273').
src/com/bbb/email/BBBEmailConfiguration.java:258:	Local variable 'view' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/email/BBBEmailConfiguration.java:263:	Local variable 'query' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/email/BBBEmailHelper.java:40:	All methods are static.  Consider using Singleton instead.  Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/com/bbb/email/BBBEmailHelper.java:40:	The class 'BBBEmailHelper' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 7 (Highest = 15).
src/com/bbb/email/BBBEmailHelper.java:57:	Local variable 'emailInfo' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/email/BBBEmailHelper.java:58:	Local variable 'receipientList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/email/BBBEmailHelper.java:98:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'emails' (lines '98'-'104').
src/com/bbb/email/BBBEmailHelper.java:98:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'emails' (lines '98'-'121').
src/com/bbb/email/BBBEmailHelper.java:132:	The method 'sendTibcoEmail' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 15.
src/com/bbb/email/BBBEmailHelper.java:132:	The method sendTibcoEmail() has an NPath complexity of 12288
src/com/bbb/email/BBBEmailHelper.java:186:	The method 'sendUnsubscribeTibcoEmail' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 15.
src/com/bbb/email/BBBEmailHelper.java:186:	The method sendUnsubscribeTibcoEmail() has an NPath complexity of 12288
src/com/bbb/email/BBBEmailHelper.java:250:	Parameter 'pEmailInfo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/email/BBBEmailHelper.java:250:	Parameter 'pEmailParameters' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/email/BBBEmailHelper.java:250:	Parameter 'pEmailSender' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/email/BBBEmailHelper.java:253:	Local variable 'emailInfo' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/email/BBBEmailHelper.java:254:	Local variable 'receipientList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/email/BBBTemplateEmailInfoImpl.java:19:	Parameter 'mEmailPersistId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/email/BBBTemplateEmailSender.java:30:	The class 'BBBTemplateEmailSender' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 6 (Highest = 21).
src/com/bbb/email/BBBTemplateEmailSender.java:34:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mEmailTemplateManager
src/com/bbb/email/BBBTemplateEmailSender.java:35:	Avoid excessively long variable names like emailPersistRepository
src/com/bbb/email/BBBTemplateEmailSender.java:41:	Avoid excessively long variable names like emailPersistRepository
src/com/bbb/email/BBBTemplateEmailSender.java:48:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pEmailTemplateManager
src/com/bbb/email/BBBTemplateEmailSender.java:54:	The method 'sendEmailMessage' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 13.
src/com/bbb/email/BBBTemplateEmailSender.java:54:	The method sendEmailMessage() has an NPath complexity of 468
src/com/bbb/email/BBBTemplateEmailSender.java:55:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pRunInSeparateThread
src/com/bbb/email/BBBTemplateEmailSender.java:57:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'placeHolderValues' (lines '57'-'66').
src/com/bbb/email/BBBTemplateEmailSender.java:57:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'placeHolderValues' (lines '57'-'106').
src/com/bbb/email/BBBTemplateEmailSender.java:58:	Avoid excessively long variable names like templateParameters
src/com/bbb/email/BBBTemplateEmailSender.java:62:	The String literal "BBBTemplateEmailSender: templateParameters is null" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 62
src/com/bbb/email/BBBTemplateEmailSender.java:74:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'emailTemplateVO' (lines '74'-'106').
src/com/bbb/email/BBBTemplateEmailSender.java:81:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'templateInfo' (lines '81'-'83').
src/com/bbb/email/BBBTemplateEmailSender.java:99:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/email/BBBTemplateEmailSender.java:112:	The method 'sendEmailSentEvent' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 21.
src/com/bbb/email/BBBTemplateEmailSender.java:112:	Use block level rather than method level synchronization
src/com/bbb/email/BBBTemplateEmailSender.java:115:	Avoid excessively long variable names like emailTemplateDataVO
src/com/bbb/email/BBBTemplateEmailSender.java:118:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'emailSendDate' (lines '118'-'184').
src/com/bbb/email/BBBTemplateEmailSender.java:128:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'emailPersistItem' (lines '128'-'184').
src/com/bbb/email/BBBTemplateEmailSender.java:133:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'paramId' (lines '133'-'134').
src/com/bbb/email/BBBTemplateEmailSender.java:143:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'emailMessage' (lines '143'-'150').
src/com/bbb/email/BBBTemplateEmailSender.java:146:	Avoid variables with short names like mp
src/com/bbb/email/BBBTemplateEmailSender.java:150:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'emailMessage' (lines '150'-'150').
src/com/bbb/email/BBBTemplateEmailSender.java:174:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/com/bbb/email/EmailHolder.java:110:	A getX() method which returns a boolean should be named isX()
src/com/bbb/email/EmailHolder.java:117:	Parameter 'ccFlag' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/email/EmailTemplateManager.java:29:	The class 'EmailTemplateManager' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 7 (Highest = 30).
src/com/bbb/email/EmailTemplateManager.java:39:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SHOW_VIEW_IN_BROWSER
src/com/bbb/email/EmailTemplateManager.java:39:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'SHOW_VIEW_IN_BROWSER'.
src/com/bbb/email/EmailTemplateManager.java:48:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mEmailConfiguration
src/com/bbb/email/EmailTemplateManager.java:49:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'mBBBCatalogTools'.
src/com/bbb/email/EmailTemplateManager.java:62:	Parameter 'catalogTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/email/EmailTemplateManager.java:70:	Parameter 'pEmailTemplate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/email/EmailTemplateManager.java:85:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pEmailConfiguration
src/com/bbb/email/EmailTemplateManager.java:85:	Parameter 'pEmailConfiguration' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/email/EmailTemplateManager.java:89:	Parameter 'pImgConfigURL' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/email/EmailTemplateManager.java:89:	Parameter 'pSiteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/email/EmailTemplateManager.java:91:	Local variable 'image_host' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/email/EmailTemplateManager.java:91:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'image_host' is not final.
src/com/bbb/email/EmailTemplateManager.java:116:	The method 'getHost' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 17.
src/com/bbb/email/EmailTemplateManager.java:122:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'hostpath' (lines '122'-'140').
src/com/bbb/email/EmailTemplateManager.java:122:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'hostpath' (lines '122'-'173').
src/com/bbb/email/EmailTemplateManager.java:122:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'hostpath' (lines '122'-'178').
src/com/bbb/email/EmailTemplateManager.java:123:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'hostStr' (lines '123'-'154').
src/com/bbb/email/EmailTemplateManager.java:123:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'hostStr' (lines '123'-'194').
src/com/bbb/email/EmailTemplateManager.java:124:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'SplitStr' (lines '124'-'194').
src/com/bbb/email/EmailTemplateManager.java:124:	Local variable 'SplitStr' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/email/EmailTemplateManager.java:124:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'SplitStr' starts with uppercase character.
src/com/bbb/email/EmailTemplateManager.java:126:	Local variable 'pRequest' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/email/EmailTemplateManager.java:128:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/email/EmailTemplateManager.java:129:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'url' (lines '129'-'194').
src/com/bbb/email/EmailTemplateManager.java:129:	Local variable 'url' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/email/EmailTemplateManager.java:130:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'contextPath' (lines '130'-'194').
src/com/bbb/email/EmailTemplateManager.java:130:	Local variable 'contextPath' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/email/EmailTemplateManager.java:131:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'serverPort' (lines '131'-'194').
src/com/bbb/email/EmailTemplateManager.java:131:	Local variable 'serverPort' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/email/EmailTemplateManager.java:132:	Local variable 'channel' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/email/EmailTemplateManager.java:138:	Local variable 'configValue' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/email/EmailTemplateManager.java:139:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0) with calls to isEmpty()
src/com/bbb/email/EmailTemplateManager.java:197:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pPlaceHolderValues
src/com/bbb/email/EmailTemplateManager.java:197:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/email/EmailTemplateManager.java:197:	Parameter 'pPlaceHolderValues' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/email/EmailTemplateManager.java:197:	The method 'getEmailTemplateData' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 30.
src/com/bbb/email/EmailTemplateManager.java:197:	The method getEmailTemplateData() has an NPath complexity of 1844600
src/com/bbb/email/EmailTemplateManager.java:199:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'view' (lines '199'-'243').
src/com/bbb/email/EmailTemplateManager.java:199:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'view' (lines '199'-'343').
src/com/bbb/email/EmailTemplateManager.java:200:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'queryBuilder' (lines '200'-'245').
src/com/bbb/email/EmailTemplateManager.java:200:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'queryBuilder' (lines '200'-'343').
src/com/bbb/email/EmailTemplateManager.java:204:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pEmailType' (lines '204'-'220').
src/com/bbb/email/EmailTemplateManager.java:205:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pSiteId' (lines '205'-'224').
src/com/bbb/email/EmailTemplateManager.java:206:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pEmailPersistId' (lines '206'-'228').
src/com/bbb/email/EmailTemplateManager.java:207:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pShowViewInBrowser
src/com/bbb/email/EmailTemplateManager.java:207:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pShowViewInBrowser' (lines '207'-'282').
src/com/bbb/email/EmailTemplateManager.java:207:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'pShowViewInBrowser' (lines '207'-'343').
src/com/bbb/email/EmailTemplateManager.java:209:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'item' (lines '209'-'261').
src/com/bbb/email/EmailTemplateManager.java:209:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'item' (lines '209'-'343').
src/com/bbb/email/EmailTemplateManager.java:211:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'emailTemplateVO' (lines '211'-'343').
src/com/bbb/email/EmailTemplateManager.java:211:	Local variable 'emailTemplateVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/email/EmailTemplateManager.java:218:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/email/EmailTemplateManager.java:228:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'pEmailPersistId' (lines '228'-'343').
src/com/bbb/email/EmailTemplateManager.java:250:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'queries' (lines '250'-'251').
src/com/bbb/email/EmailTemplateManager.java:253:	Local variable 'query' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/email/EmailTemplateManager.java:263:	Local variable 'keysList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/email/EmailTemplateManager.java:266:	Local variable 'host_Url' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/email/EmailTemplateManager.java:266:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'host_Url' is not final.
src/com/bbb/email/EmailTemplateManager.java:279:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/email/EmailTemplateManager.java:305:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'emailBodyVal' (lines '305'-'307').
src/com/bbb/email/EmailTemplateManager.java:312:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'emailHeader' (lines '312'-'314').
src/com/bbb/email/EmailTemplateManager.java:319:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'emailFooter' (lines '319'-'321').
src/com/bbb/email/EmailTemplateManager.java:350:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pPlaceHolderValues
src/com/bbb/email/EmailTemplateManager.java:350:	Parameter 'pPlaceHolderValues' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/email/EmailTemplateManager.java:360:	Local variable 'entrySet' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/email/EmailTemplateManager.java:361:	Local variable 'iterator' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/email/EmailTemplateManager.java:362:	Local variable 'value' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/exception/BBBBusinessException.java:26:	Parameter 'errorCode' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/exception/BBBException.java:25:	Parameter 'errorCode' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/exception/BBBSystemException.java:26:	Parameter 'errorCode' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/exception/BBBSystemException.java:34:	Parameter 'errorMsg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/exception/BBBSystemException.java:41:	Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/exception/BBBSystemException.java:41:	Parameter 'errorMsg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/exception/TemplateEmailSenderException.java:8:	Parameter 'errorMsg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/exception/TemplateEmailSenderException.java:11:	Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/exception/TemplateEmailSenderException.java:11:	Parameter 'errorMsg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBATGCache.java:21:	Parameter 'pCacheName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBATGCache.java:21:	Parameter 'pKey' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBATGCache.java:22:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'obj' (lines '22'-'24').
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBATGCache.java:33:	Parameter 'pCacheName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBATGCache.java:33:	Parameter 'pKey' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBATGCache.java:33:	Parameter 'pValue' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBATGCache.java:37:	Parameter 'pCacheName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBATGCache.java:37:	Parameter 'pKey' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBATGCache.java:37:	Parameter 'pTimeout' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBATGCache.java:37:	Parameter 'pValue' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBATGCache.java:41:	Parameter 'pCacheName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBATGCache.java:41:	Parameter 'pKey' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBATGCache.java:46:	Parameter 'pCacheName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBATGCacheContainer.java:32:	Parameter 'key' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBATGCacheContainer.java:32:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBATGCacheContainer.java:32:	Use block level rather than method level synchronization
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBATGCacheContainer.java:41:	Parameter 'key' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBATGCacheContainer.java:41:	Use block level rather than method level synchronization
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBATGCacheContainer.java:42:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'obj' (lines '42'-'48').
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBATGCacheContainer.java:58:	Parameter 'pMessage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBATGCacheContainer.java:58:	Parameter 'pPortName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBATGCacheContainer.java:59:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBATGCacheContainer.java:61:	Local variable 'objMessage' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBATGCacheContainer.java:62:	Local variable 'obj' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBATGCacheContainer.java:75:	Avoid excessively long variable names like cacheInvalidationMessage
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBATGCacheContainer.java:75:	Parameter 'cacheInvalidationMessage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBATGCacheContainer.java:81:	Local variable 'stbuff' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBATGCacheContainer.java:82:	Avoid excessively long variable names like removeCacheStartTime
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBATGCacheContainer.java:82:	Local variable 'removeCacheStartTime' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBATGCacheContainer.java:86:	Local variable 'iterator' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBATGCacheContainer.java:87:	Local variable 'key' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBATGCacheContainer.java:88:	When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBATGCacheContainer.java:89:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBATGCacheContainer.java:91:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBATGCacheContainer.java:101:	Avoid excessively long variable names like removeCacheEndTime
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBATGCacheContainer.java:101:	Local variable 'removeCacheEndTime' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBATGCacheContainer.java:116:	Parameter 'key' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBATGCacheContainer.java:116:	Parameter 'pCacheName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBATGCacheContainer.java:121:	Parameter 'key' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBATGCacheContainer.java:121:	Parameter 'pCacheName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBATGCacheContainer.java:121:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBATGCacheContainer.java:126:	Parameter 'key' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBATGCacheContainer.java:126:	Parameter 'pCacheName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBATGCacheContainer.java:126:	Parameter 'timeout' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBATGCacheContainer.java:126:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBATGCacheContainer.java:131:	Parameter 'key' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBATGCacheContainer.java:131:	Parameter 'pCacheName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBATGCacheContainer.java:136:	Parameter 'pCacheName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBATGCacheContainer.java:141:	Parameter 'pCacheName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBATGCacheContainer.java:152:	Parameter 'performanceLogger' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheDroplet.java:1:	A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheDroplet.java:24:	Avoid unused imports such as 'javax.transaction.TransactionManager'
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheDroplet.java:24:	Avoid unused imports such as 'javax.transaction.TransactionManager'
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheDroplet.java:30:	Avoid unused imports such as 'atg.nucleus.logging.ApplicationLogging'
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheDroplet.java:30:	Avoid unused imports such as 'atg.nucleus.logging.ApplicationLogging'
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheDroplet.java:42:	The class 'BBBCacheDroplet' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 13).
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheDroplet.java:42:	This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheDroplet.java:57:	Avoid excessively long variable names like DO_NOT_CACHE_RESPONSE
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheDroplet.java:58:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PROTOCOL_CHANGE_DROPLET
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheDroplet.java:61:	Avoid excessively long variable names like MAX_VIWABLE_ENTRIES
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheDroplet.java:75:	Parameter 'pRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheDroplet.java:76:	Parameter 'pResponse' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheDroplet.java:79:	Local variable 'methodName' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheDroplet.java:88:	Local variable 'contextRoot' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheDroplet.java:90:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheDroplet.java:99:	Parameter 'key' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheDroplet.java:100:	Avoid excessively long variable names like removeCacheStartTime
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheDroplet.java:100:	Local variable 'removeCacheStartTime' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheDroplet.java:102:	Avoid excessively long variable names like removeCacheEndTime
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheDroplet.java:102:	Local variable 'removeCacheEndTime' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheDroplet.java:121:	Parameter 'pRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheDroplet.java:122:	Avoid variables with short names like p
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheDroplet.java:122:	Parameter 'p' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheDroplet.java:122:	Parameter 'pCheckTime' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheDroplet.java:123:	Local variable 'now' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheDroplet.java:160:	Avoid excessively long variable names like flushCacheStartTime
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheDroplet.java:160:	Local variable 'flushCacheStartTime' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheDroplet.java:162:	Local variable 'flushCacheEndTime' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheDroplet.java:184:	Parameter 'pMessage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheDroplet.java:184:	Parameter 'pPortName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheDroplet.java:184:	Use block level rather than method level synchronization
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheDroplet.java:196:	Local variable 'args' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheDroplet.java:242:	Parameter 'pNucleus' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheDroplet.java:242:	Parameter 'pService' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheDroplet.java:252:	Parameter 'pRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheDroplet.java:253:	Parameter 'pOut' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheDroplet.java:259:	Local variable 'globalKeys' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheDroplet.java:271:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'byteSize' (lines '271'-'328').
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheDroplet.java:272:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'byteEntries' (lines '272'-'292').
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheDroplet.java:272:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'byteEntries' (lines '272'-'328').
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheDroplet.java:273:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'charSize' (lines '273'-'328').
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheDroplet.java:274:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'charEntries' (lines '274'-'297').
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheDroplet.java:274:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'charEntries' (lines '274'-'328').
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheDroplet.java:276:	Local variable 'e' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheDroplet.java:283:	Local variable 'cacheDataKey' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheDroplet.java:284:	Local variable 'cacheEntry' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheDroplet.java:285:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheDroplet.java:285:	Local variable 'creationTime' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheDroplet.java:288:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'len' (lines '288'-'290').
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheDroplet.java:288:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'len' (lines '288'-'295').
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheDroplet.java:292:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'byteEntries' (lines '292'-'292').
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheDroplet.java:292:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'byteEntries' (lines '292'-'328').
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheDroplet.java:297:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'charEntries' (lines '297'-'297').
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheDroplet.java:297:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'charEntries' (lines '297'-'328').
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheDroplet.java:299:	Local variable 'itemCacheValues' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheDroplet.java:321:	Avoid variables with short names like sb
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheDroplet.java:321:	Local variable 'sb' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheDroplet.java:330:	Parameter 'pRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheDroplet.java:331:	Parameter 'pOut' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheDroplet.java:331:	Parameter 'pResponse' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheDroplet.java:333:	Local variable 'cacheDataKey' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheDroplet.java:334:	Avoid excessively long variable names like removeItemsFromCache
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheDroplet.java:334:	Local variable 'removeItemsFromCache' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheDroplet.java:358:	Parameter 'pRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheDroplet.java:359:	Avoid unused method parameters such as 'pResponse'.
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheDroplet.java:359:	Parameter 'pOut' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheDroplet.java:359:	Parameter 'pResponse' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheDroplet.java:361:	Local variable 'cacheDataKey' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheDroplet.java:372:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'cacheEntry' (lines '372'-'377').
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheDroplet.java:373:	Avoid variables with short names like e
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheDroplet.java:373:	Local variable 'e' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheDroplet.java:375:	Local variable 'elem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheDroplet.java:381:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'cacheData' (lines '381'-'383').
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheDroplet.java:381:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'cacheData' (lines '381'-'385').
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheDroplet.java:382:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheDroplet.java:402:	Parameter 'pRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheDroplet.java:403:	Parameter 'pOut' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheDroplet.java:403:	Parameter 'pResponse' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheDroplet.java:405:	Local variable 'removeItems' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheDroplet.java:407:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheDroplet.java:409:	Local variable 'decodeKeyName' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheDroplet.java:442:	Parameter 'pData' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheDroplet.java:447:	Parameter 'pCharData' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheDroplet.java:453:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheDroplet.java:459:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheDroplet.java:481:	Parameter 'pRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheDroplet.java:481:	The method 'getCachedContent' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheDroplet.java:482:	Local variable 'key' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheDroplet.java:491:	Local variable 'cacheKey' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheDroplet.java:494:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'expireTime' (lines '494'-'498').
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheDroplet.java:495:	Local variable 'expireTimeStr' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheDroplet.java:507:	Local variable 'cdata' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheDroplet.java:529:	Parameter 'pRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheDroplet.java:529:	The method 'setCachedContent' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 13.
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheDroplet.java:530:	Parameter 'pContent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheDroplet.java:533:	Local variable 'key' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheDroplet.java:541:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'cacheContent' (lines '541'-'576').
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheDroplet.java:541:	Local variable 'cacheContent' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheDroplet.java:543:	Local variable 'contextRoot' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheDroplet.java:545:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheDroplet.java:547:	Local variable 'cacheKey' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheDroplet.java:558:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheDroplet.java:562:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheDroplet.java:567:	Local variable 'cdata' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheDroplet.java:589:	Parameter 'pConfig' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheDroplet.java:609:	Parameter 'cacheContainer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheDroplet.java:613:	Parameter 'pCacheName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheDroplet.java:619:	Local variable 'isCachingEnabled' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheDroplet.java:621:	Avoid excessively long variable names like clearCacheStartTime
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheDroplet.java:621:	Local variable 'clearCacheStartTime' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheDroplet.java:623:	Local variable 'clearCacheEndTime' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheDroplet.java:638:	Parameter 'key' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheDroplet.java:638:	The method 'get' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheDroplet.java:639:	Local variable 'isCachingEnabled' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheDroplet.java:642:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'cacheObject' (lines '642'-'651').
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheDroplet.java:642:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'cacheObject' (lines '642'-'675').
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheDroplet.java:643:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'getCacheStartTime' (lines '643'-'649').
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheDroplet.java:643:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'getCacheStartTime' (lines '643'-'673').
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheDroplet.java:644:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'getCacheEndTime' (lines '644'-'653').
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheDroplet.java:644:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'getCacheEndTime' (lines '644'-'677').
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheDroplet.java:647:	Local variable 'cacheName' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheDroplet.java:651:	An empty statement (semicolon) not part of a loop
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheDroplet.java:655:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheDroplet.java:658:	The String literal ". Total time taken to search the object " appears 8 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 658
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheDroplet.java:679:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheDroplet.java:707:	Parameter 'key' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheDroplet.java:707:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheDroplet.java:708:	Local variable 'isCachingEnabled' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheDroplet.java:715:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'putCacheStartTime' (lines '715'-'727').
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheDroplet.java:715:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'putCacheStartTime' (lines '715'-'743').
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheDroplet.java:716:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'putCacheEndTime' (lines '716'-'729').
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheDroplet.java:716:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'putCacheEndTime' (lines '716'-'745').
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheDroplet.java:724:	Local variable 'cacheName' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheDroplet.java:725:	Local variable 'timeout' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheDroplet.java:764:	Parameter 'performanceLogger' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheInvalidatorSource.java:16:	The class 'BBBCacheInvalidatorSource' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 2 (Highest = 17).
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheInvalidatorSource.java:18:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mMessageSourceContext
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheInvalidatorSource.java:20:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mTransactionManager
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheInvalidatorSource.java:22:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CACHE_MENU_CONTENTS
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheInvalidatorSource.java:23:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CACHE_HEADER_CONTENTS
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheInvalidatorSource.java:26:	Local variable 'message1' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheInvalidatorSource.java:27:	Local variable 'message2' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheInvalidatorSource.java:34:	Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheInvalidatorSource.java:35:	Parameter 'jmsType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheInvalidatorSource.java:35:	Parameter 'portName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheInvalidatorSource.java:38:	Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheInvalidatorSource.java:42:	Parameter 'messageBean' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheInvalidatorSource.java:42:	Parameter 'portName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheInvalidatorSource.java:43:	Parameter 'jmsType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheInvalidatorSource.java:47:	Parameter 'messageBean' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheInvalidatorSource.java:47:	Parameter 'portName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheInvalidatorSource.java:47:	The method 'fireObjectMessage' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 17.
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheInvalidatorSource.java:47:	The method fireObjectMessage() has an NPath complexity of 3540
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheInvalidatorSource.java:48:	Parameter 'jmsType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheInvalidatorSource.java:48:	Parameter 'pDeliveryDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheInvalidatorSource.java:54:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheInvalidatorSource.java:69:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheInvalidatorSource.java:72:	Avoid variables with short names like td
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheInvalidatorSource.java:72:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'td' (lines '72'-'74').
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheInvalidatorSource.java:76:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'message' (lines '76'-'78').
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheInvalidatorSource.java:76:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'message' (lines '76'-'80').
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheInvalidatorSource.java:77:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheInvalidatorSource.java:89:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheInvalidatorSource.java:109:	Parameter 'pContext' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheInvalidatorSource.java:125:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pTransactionManager
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheInvalidatorSource.java:125:	Parameter 'pTransactionManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBCacheInvalidatorSource.java:135:	Parameter 'portName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBObjectCache.java:26:	Parameter 'cacheContainer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBObjectCache.java:30:	Parameter 'arg0' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBObjectCache.java:30:	Parameter 'arg1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBObjectCache.java:34:	Parameter 'key' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBObjectCache.java:34:	Parameter 'pCacheName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBObjectCache.java:34:	Parameter 'time' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBObjectCache.java:34:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBObjectCache.java:35:	Local variable 'methodName' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBObjectCache.java:38:	Local variable 'isCachingEnabled' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBObjectCache.java:50:	Parameter 'key' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBObjectCache.java:50:	Parameter 'pCacheName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBObjectCache.java:50:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBObjectCache.java:51:	Local variable 'methodName' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBObjectCache.java:54:	Local variable 'isCachingEnabled' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBObjectCache.java:66:	Parameter 'key' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBObjectCache.java:66:	Parameter 'pCacheName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBObjectCache.java:68:	Local variable 'methodName' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBObjectCache.java:71:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'object' (lines '71'-'75').
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBObjectCache.java:72:	Local variable 'isCachingEnabled' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBObjectCache.java:86:	Parameter 'pCacheName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBObjectCache.java:87:	Local variable 'isCachingEnabled' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBObjectCache.java:89:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBWebCacheIF.java:13:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBWebCacheIF.java:15:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBWebCacheIF.java:17:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBWebCacheIF.java:19:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBWebCacheIF.java:21:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBWebCacheIF.java:23:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBWebCacheIF.java:25:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBWebCacheIF.java:27:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBWebCacheIF.java:29:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/BBBWebCacheIF.java:31:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/CacheInvalidationMessage.java:17:	Parameter 'entryKey' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/CacheInvalidationMessage.java:25:	Parameter 'paternMatch' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/CacheInvalidationMessage.java:29:	Parameter 'pEntryKey' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/CacheInvalidationMessage.java:29:	Parameter 'pPaternMatch' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/CacheInvalidationMessage.java:33:	Parameter 'pEntryKey' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/CoherenceCacheContainer.java:34:	Parameter 'sName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/CoherenceCacheContainer.java:35:	Avoid variables with short names like c
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/CoherenceCacheContainer.java:35:	Local variable 'c' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/CoherenceCacheContainer.java:36:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'c'
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/CoherenceCacheContainer.java:39:	Parameter 'key' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/CoherenceCacheContainer.java:39:	Parameter 'pCacheName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/CoherenceCacheContainer.java:41:	Local variable 'nCache' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/CoherenceCacheContainer.java:42:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/CoherenceCacheContainer.java:51:	Parameter 'key' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/CoherenceCacheContainer.java:51:	Parameter 'pCacheName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/CoherenceCacheContainer.java:51:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/CoherenceCacheContainer.java:53:	Local variable 'nCache' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/CoherenceCacheContainer.java:54:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/CoherenceCacheContainer.java:62:	Parameter 'key' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/CoherenceCacheContainer.java:62:	Parameter 'pCacheName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/CoherenceCacheContainer.java:62:	Parameter 'time' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/CoherenceCacheContainer.java:62:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/CoherenceCacheContainer.java:64:	Local variable 'nCache' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/CoherenceCacheContainer.java:65:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/CoherenceCacheContainer.java:75:	Parameter 'key' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/CoherenceCacheContainer.java:75:	Parameter 'pCacheName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/CoherenceCacheContainer.java:76:	Local variable 'nCache' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/CoherenceCacheContainer.java:85:	Parameter 'pCacheName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/CoherenceCacheContainer.java:85:	Use block level rather than method level synchronization
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/CoherenceCacheContainer.java:86:	Local variable 'nCache' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/CoherenceCacheContainer.java:91:	Parameter 'key' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/CoherenceCacheContainer.java:96:	Parameter 'key' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/CoherenceCacheContainer.java:96:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/CoherenceCacheContainer.java:100:	Parameter 'key' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/CoherenceCacheContainer.java:111:	Parameter 'pCacheName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cache/CoherenceCacheContainer.java:112:	Local variable 'nCache' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cms/ConfigKeySiteChannelTranslation.java:25:	The class 'ConfigKeySiteChannelTranslation' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 35).
src/com/bbb/framework/cms/ConfigKeySiteChannelTranslation.java:35:	Avoid excessively long variable names like DEFAULT_LANGUAGE_ATTR
src/com/bbb/framework/cms/ConfigKeySiteChannelTranslation.java:45:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ATTRIBUTE_PROPERTY
src/com/bbb/framework/cms/ConfigKeySiteChannelTranslation.java:53:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mDefaultSiteAttribute
src/com/bbb/framework/cms/ConfigKeySiteChannelTranslation.java:54:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mDefaultLanguageAttribute
src/com/bbb/framework/cms/ConfigKeySiteChannelTranslation.java:76:	Avoid variables with short names like pd
src/com/bbb/framework/cms/ConfigKeySiteChannelTranslation.java:76:	Local variable 'pd' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cms/ConfigKeySiteChannelTranslation.java:84:	Avoid variables with short names like pd
src/com/bbb/framework/cms/ConfigKeySiteChannelTranslation.java:84:	Local variable 'pd' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cms/ConfigKeySiteChannelTranslation.java:92:	Avoid variables with short names like pd
src/com/bbb/framework/cms/ConfigKeySiteChannelTranslation.java:92:	Local variable 'pd' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cms/ConfigKeySiteChannelTranslation.java:102:	Avoid variables with short names like pd
src/com/bbb/framework/cms/ConfigKeySiteChannelTranslation.java:102:	Local variable 'pd' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cms/ConfigKeySiteChannelTranslation.java:110:	Avoid variables with short names like pd
src/com/bbb/framework/cms/ConfigKeySiteChannelTranslation.java:110:	Local variable 'pd' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cms/ConfigKeySiteChannelTranslation.java:118:	Avoid variables with short names like pd
src/com/bbb/framework/cms/ConfigKeySiteChannelTranslation.java:118:	Local variable 'pd' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cms/ConfigKeySiteChannelTranslation.java:138:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pDerivedPropertyOnLeft
src/com/bbb/framework/cms/ConfigKeySiteChannelTranslation.java:138:	Avoid long parameter lists.
src/com/bbb/framework/cms/ConfigKeySiteChannelTranslation.java:138:	Parameter 'pDerivedPropertyOnLeft' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cms/ConfigKeySiteChannelTranslation.java:138:	Parameter 'pQueryType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cms/ConfigKeySiteChannelTranslation.java:139:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pCountDerivedProperty
src/com/bbb/framework/cms/ConfigKeySiteChannelTranslation.java:139:	Parameter 'pCountDerivedProperty' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cms/ConfigKeySiteChannelTranslation.java:139:	Parameter 'pOperator' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cms/ConfigKeySiteChannelTranslation.java:139:	Parameter 'pOther' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cms/ConfigKeySiteChannelTranslation.java:140:	Parameter 'pIgnoreCase' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cms/ConfigKeySiteChannelTranslation.java:140:	Parameter 'pMinScore' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cms/ConfigKeySiteChannelTranslation.java:141:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pSearchStringFormat
src/com/bbb/framework/cms/ConfigKeySiteChannelTranslation.java:141:	Parameter 'pItemQuery' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cms/ConfigKeySiteChannelTranslation.java:141:	Parameter 'pSearchStringFormat' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cms/ConfigKeySiteChannelTranslation.java:142:	Parameter 'pBuilder' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cms/ConfigKeySiteChannelTranslation.java:142:	Parameter 'pParentProperty' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cms/ConfigKeySiteChannelTranslation.java:143:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pChildPropertyList
src/com/bbb/framework/cms/ConfigKeySiteChannelTranslation.java:143:	Parameter 'pChildPropertyList' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cms/ConfigKeySiteChannelTranslation.java:156:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/framework/cms/ConfigKeySiteChannelTranslation.java:156:	Parameter 'pItem' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cms/ConfigKeySiteChannelTranslation.java:156:	The method 'derivePropertyValue' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 35.
src/com/bbb/framework/cms/ConfigKeySiteChannelTranslation.java:156:	The method derivePropertyValue() has an NPath complexity of 345600
src/com/bbb/framework/cms/ConfigKeySiteChannelTranslation.java:162:	Local variable 'exps' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cms/ConfigKeySiteChannelTranslation.java:164:	Avoid variables with short names like pe
src/com/bbb/framework/cms/ConfigKeySiteChannelTranslation.java:165:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'value' (lines '165'-'181').
src/com/bbb/framework/cms/ConfigKeySiteChannelTranslation.java:165:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'value' (lines '165'-'271').
src/com/bbb/framework/cms/ConfigKeySiteChannelTranslation.java:166:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'propName' (lines '166'-'176').
src/com/bbb/framework/cms/ConfigKeySiteChannelTranslation.java:166:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'propName' (lines '166'-'271').
src/com/bbb/framework/cms/ConfigKeySiteChannelTranslation.java:170:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0) with calls to isEmpty()
src/com/bbb/framework/cms/ConfigKeySiteChannelTranslation.java:176:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'propName' (lines '176'-'271').
src/com/bbb/framework/cms/ConfigKeySiteChannelTranslation.java:181:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'value' (lines '181'-'271').
src/com/bbb/framework/cms/ConfigKeySiteChannelTranslation.java:198:	Local variable 'channelId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cms/ConfigKeySiteChannelTranslation.java:219:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/com/bbb/framework/cms/ConfigKeySiteChannelTranslation.java:227:	Local variable 'repositoryId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cms/ConfigKeySiteChannelTranslation.java:232:	Local variable 'translationName' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cms/ConfigKeySiteChannelTranslation.java:233:	Local variable 'property' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cms/ConfigKeySiteChannelTranslation.java:235:	Local variable 'translations' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cms/ConfigKeySiteChannelTranslation.java:247:	Local variable 'translation' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cms/ConfigKeySiteChannelTranslation.java:273:	Parameter 'defaultValue' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cms/ConfigKeySiteChannelTranslation.java:273:	Parameter 'translation' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cms/ConfigKeySiteChannelTranslation.java:275:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'value' (lines '275'-'281').
src/com/bbb/framework/cms/ConfigKeySiteChannelTranslation.java:275:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'value' (lines '275'-'289').
src/com/bbb/framework/cms/ConfigKeySiteChannelTranslation.java:277:	Local variable 'stringValue' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cms/ConfigKeySiteChannelTranslation.java:280:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/framework/cms/ConfigKeySiteChannelTranslation.java:291:	Parameter 'pItem' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cms/ConfigKeySiteChannelTranslation.java:291:	Parameter 'pPropertyName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/cms/ConfigKeySiteChannelTranslation.java:307:	Parameter 'pBean' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/crypto/AESEncryptorComponent.java:38:	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/com/bbb/framework/crypto/AESEncryptorComponent.java:38:	Document empty constructor
src/com/bbb/framework/crypto/AESEncryptorComponent.java:43:	Parameter 'pKey' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/crypto/AESKeyGen.java:27:	Avoid variables with short names like i
src/com/bbb/framework/crypto/AESKeyGen.java:30:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/framework/crypto/AESKeyGen.java:46:	Local variable 'base64Key' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/crypto/AESKeyGen.java:47:	System.out.print is used
src/com/bbb/framework/crypto/AESKeyGen.java:51:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/com/bbb/framework/crypto/AbstractEncryptor.java:104:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'digest' (lines '104'-'127').
src/com/bbb/framework/crypto/AbstractEncryptor.java:105:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'hmacString' (lines '105'-'127').
src/com/bbb/framework/crypto/AbstractEncryptor.java:145:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'decryptedString' (lines '145'-'151').
src/com/bbb/framework/crypto/AbstractEncryptor.java:165:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'encryptedString' (lines '165'-'169').
src/com/bbb/framework/crypto/AbstractEncryptor.java:169:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'encryptedString' (lines '169'-'175').
src/com/bbb/framework/crypto/AbstractEncryptorComponent.java:24:	Avoid duplicate imports such as 'com.bbb.common.BBBGenericService'
src/com/bbb/framework/crypto/AbstractEncryptorComponent.java:36:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CONNECTION_STRING_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/framework/crypto/AbstractEncryptorComponent.java:44:	Avoid excessively long variable names like USERNAME_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/framework/crypto/AbstractEncryptorComponent.java:48:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PASSWORD_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/framework/crypto/AbstractEncryptorComponent.java:66:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mKeyComponentLocation
src/com/bbb/framework/crypto/AbstractEncryptorComponent.java:73:	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/com/bbb/framework/crypto/AbstractEncryptorComponent.java:136:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'decryptedKey' (lines '136'-'151').
src/com/bbb/framework/crypto/AbstractEncryptorComponent.java:136:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'decryptedKey' (lines '136'-'167').
src/com/bbb/framework/crypto/AbstractEncryptorComponent.java:137:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'encryptionKey2' (lines '137'-'147').
src/com/bbb/framework/crypto/AbstractEncryptorComponent.java:137:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'encryptionKey2' (lines '137'-'167').
src/com/bbb/framework/crypto/AbstractEncryptorComponent.java:148:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/framework/crypto/AbstractEncryptorComponent.java:178:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'query' (lines '178'-'203').
src/com/bbb/framework/crypto/AbstractEncryptorComponent.java:178:	Local variable 'query' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/crypto/AbstractEncryptorComponent.java:179:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'key2' (lines '179'-'191').
src/com/bbb/framework/crypto/AbstractEncryptorComponent.java:179:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'key2' (lines '179'-'203').
src/com/bbb/framework/crypto/AbstractEncryptorComponent.java:180:	Local variable 'connection' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/crypto/AbstractEncryptorComponent.java:185:	Ensure that resources like this Statement object are closed after use
src/com/bbb/framework/crypto/AbstractEncryptorComponent.java:185:	Local variable 'statement' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/crypto/AbstractEncryptorComponent.java:186:	Ensure that resources like this ResultSet object are closed after use
src/com/bbb/framework/crypto/AbstractEncryptorComponent.java:186:	Local variable 'resultSet' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/crypto/AbstractEncryptorComponent.java:191:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'key2' (lines '191'-'203').
src/com/bbb/framework/crypto/AbstractEncryptorComponent.java:195:	A throw statement in a finally block makes the control flow hard to understand.
src/com/bbb/framework/crypto/AbstractEncryptorComponent.java:214:	Avoid excessively long variable names like keyComponentLocation
src/com/bbb/framework/crypto/AbstractEncryptorComponent.java:214:	Local variable 'keyComponentLocation' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/crypto/AbstractEncryptorComponent.java:215:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'key' (lines '215'-'222').
src/com/bbb/framework/crypto/AbstractEncryptorComponent.java:216:	Local variable 'properties' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/crypto/AbstractEncryptorComponent.java:217:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'inputStream' (lines '217'-'220').
src/com/bbb/framework/crypto/AbstractEncryptorComponent.java:218:	Local variable 'file' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/crypto/AbstractEncryptorComponent.java:222:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'key' (lines '222'-'231').
src/com/bbb/framework/crypto/AbstractEncryptorComponent.java:224:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/com/bbb/framework/crypto/AbstractEncryptorComponent.java:242:	Local variable 'datasource' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/crypto/AbstractEncryptorComponent.java:246:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'connection' (lines '246'-'248').
src/com/bbb/framework/crypto/AbstractEncryptorComponent.java:248:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'connection' (lines '248'-'253').
src/com/bbb/framework/crypto/AbstractEncryptorComponent.java:300:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pUnencryptedContent
src/com/bbb/framework/crypto/AbstractEncryptorComponent.java:330:	Parameter 'pDatasource' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/crypto/AbstractEncryptorComponent.java:346:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pKeyComponentLocation
src/com/bbb/framework/crypto/AbstractEncryptorComponent.java:346:	Parameter 'pKeyComponentLocation' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/crypto/AbstractEncryptorComponent.java:362:	Parameter 'pQuery' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/crypto/EncryptionPropertyDescriptor.java:37:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ENCRYPTOR_COMPONENT
src/com/bbb/framework/crypto/EncryptionPropertyDescriptor.java:53:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mEncryptorComponent
src/com/bbb/framework/crypto/EncryptionPropertyDescriptor.java:63:	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/com/bbb/framework/crypto/EncryptionPropertyDescriptor.java:118:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'requestUri' (lines '118'-'120').
src/com/bbb/framework/crypto/KeyGeneratorService.java:25:	This abstract class does not have any abstract methods
src/com/bbb/framework/crypto/KeyGeneratorService.java:30:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ENCRYPTION_ALGORITHEM
src/com/bbb/framework/crypto/KeyGeneratorService.java:50:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CONNECTION_STRING_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/framework/crypto/KeyGeneratorService.java:58:	Avoid excessively long variable names like USERNAME_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/framework/crypto/KeyGeneratorService.java:62:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PASSWORD_PROPERTY_NAME
src/com/bbb/framework/crypto/KeyGeneratorService.java:70:	Avoid excessively long variable names like VERSION_NO_COLUMN_NAME
src/com/bbb/framework/crypto/KeyGeneratorService.java:81:	Avoid excessively long variable names like propertiesFileLocation
src/com/bbb/framework/crypto/KeyGeneratorService.java:83:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'inputStream' (lines '83'-'102').
src/com/bbb/framework/crypto/KeyGeneratorService.java:84:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'outputStream' (lines '84'-'131').
src/com/bbb/framework/crypto/KeyGeneratorService.java:85:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'key' (lines '85'-'104').
src/com/bbb/framework/crypto/KeyGeneratorService.java:86:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'encryptor' (lines '86'-'105').
src/com/bbb/framework/crypto/KeyGeneratorService.java:87:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'file' (lines '87'-'101').
src/com/bbb/framework/crypto/KeyGeneratorService.java:88:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'encryptedKey' (lines '88'-'115').
src/com/bbb/framework/crypto/KeyGeneratorService.java:88:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'encryptedKey' (lines '88'-'127').
src/com/bbb/framework/crypto/KeyGeneratorService.java:89:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'decryptedKey' (lines '89'-'124').
src/com/bbb/framework/crypto/KeyGeneratorService.java:89:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'decryptedKey' (lines '89'-'154').
src/com/bbb/framework/crypto/KeyGeneratorService.java:90:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'oldEncryptionKey' (lines '90'-'118').
src/com/bbb/framework/crypto/KeyGeneratorService.java:91:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'version' (lines '91'-'119').
src/com/bbb/framework/crypto/KeyGeneratorService.java:92:	Ensure that resources like this ResultSet object are closed after use
src/com/bbb/framework/crypto/KeyGeneratorService.java:92:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'resultSet' (lines '92'-'108').
src/com/bbb/framework/crypto/KeyGeneratorService.java:94:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'connection' (lines '94'-'106').
src/com/bbb/framework/crypto/KeyGeneratorService.java:95:	Ensure that resources like this Statement object are closed after use
src/com/bbb/framework/crypto/KeyGeneratorService.java:95:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'statement' (lines '95'-'107').
src/com/bbb/framework/crypto/KeyGeneratorService.java:110:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/framework/crypto/KeyGeneratorService.java:136:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/com/bbb/framework/crypto/KeyGeneratorService.java:144:	The String literal "An exception occurred while executing the sql statement." appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 144
src/com/bbb/framework/crypto/KeyGeneratorService.java:145:	A throw statement in a finally block makes the control flow hard to understand.
src/com/bbb/framework/crypto/KeyGeneratorService.java:162:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'base64Key' (lines '162'-'171').
src/com/bbb/framework/crypto/KeyGeneratorService.java:163:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'raw' (lines '163'-'170').
src/com/bbb/framework/crypto/KeyGeneratorService.java:174:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/com/bbb/framework/crypto/KeyGeneratorService.java:186:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pPropertiesFileLocation
src/com/bbb/framework/crypto/KeyGeneratorService.java:189:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'updateStatement' (lines '189'-'194').
src/com/bbb/framework/crypto/KeyGeneratorService.java:190:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'insertStatement' (lines '190'-'198').
src/com/bbb/framework/crypto/KeyGeneratorService.java:191:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '191'-'202').
src/com/bbb/framework/crypto/KeyGeneratorService.java:202:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '202'-'209').
src/com/bbb/framework/crypto/KeyGeneratorService.java:217:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pPropertiesFileLocation
src/com/bbb/framework/crypto/KeyGeneratorService.java:219:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'inputStream' (lines '219'-'223').
src/com/bbb/framework/crypto/KeyGeneratorService.java:220:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'connection' (lines '220'-'230').
src/com/bbb/framework/crypto/KeyGeneratorService.java:230:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'connection' (lines '230'-'247').
src/com/bbb/framework/crypto/KeyGeneratorService.java:232:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/com/bbb/framework/goldengate/DCPrefixIdGenerator.java:30:	Parameter 'dcPrefix' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/goldengate/DCPrefixIdGenerator.java:44:	Parameter 'idSpacePrefixMap' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/goldengate/DCPrefixIdGenerator.java:58:	Parameter 'idSpaceLengthMap' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/goldengate/DCPrefixIdGenerator.java:62:	Parameter 'pCandidateId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/goldengate/DCPrefixIdGenerator.java:62:	Parameter 'pIdSpaceName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/goldengate/DCPrefixIdGenerator.java:65:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'finalCandidateId' (lines '65'-'74').
src/com/bbb/framework/goldengate/DCPrefixIdGenerator.java:68:	Local variable 'length' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/httpquery/HTTPCallInvoker.java:38:	Avoid excessively long variable names like HTTP_CONNECTION_ATTRIBS
src/com/bbb/framework/httpquery/HTTPCallInvoker.java:40:	Avoid excessively long variable names like defaultStaleCheckEnabled
src/com/bbb/framework/httpquery/HTTPCallInvoker.java:41:	Avoid excessively long variable names like defaultConnectionTimeout
src/com/bbb/framework/httpquery/HTTPCallInvoker.java:42:	Avoid excessively long variable names like defaultSocketTimeout
src/com/bbb/framework/httpquery/HTTPCallInvoker.java:43:	Avoid excessively long variable names like defaultMaxTotalConnections
src/com/bbb/framework/httpquery/HTTPCallInvoker.java:44:	Avoid excessively long variable names like defaultMaxHostConnectionsPerHost
src/com/bbb/framework/httpquery/HTTPCallInvoker.java:57:	Avoid excessively long variable names like defaultStaleCheckEnabled
src/com/bbb/framework/httpquery/HTTPCallInvoker.java:73:	Avoid excessively long variable names like defaultConnectionTimeout
src/com/bbb/framework/httpquery/HTTPCallInvoker.java:89:	Avoid excessively long variable names like defaultSocketTimeout
src/com/bbb/framework/httpquery/HTTPCallInvoker.java:105:	Avoid excessively long variable names like defaultMaxTotalConnections
src/com/bbb/framework/httpquery/HTTPCallInvoker.java:121:	Avoid excessively long variable names like defaultMaxHostConnectionsPerHost
src/com/bbb/framework/httpquery/HTTPCallInvoker.java:177:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'completeQueryURL' (lines '177'-'231').
src/com/bbb/framework/httpquery/HTTPCallInvoker.java:180:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'firstParameter' (lines '180'-'231').
src/com/bbb/framework/httpquery/HTTPCallInvoker.java:199:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'firstParameter' (lines '199'-'231').
src/com/bbb/framework/httpquery/HTTPCallInvoker.java:221:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'firstParameter' (lines '221'-'231').
src/com/bbb/framework/httpquery/HTTPCallInvoker.java:235:	Avoid excessively long variable names like STALE_CHECK_ENABLED
src/com/bbb/framework/httpquery/HTTPCallInvoker.java:236:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CONNECTION_TIME_OUT
src/com/bbb/framework/httpquery/HTTPCallInvoker.java:238:	Avoid excessively long variable names like MAX_TOTAL_CONNECTIONS
src/com/bbb/framework/httpquery/HTTPCallInvoker.java:239:	Avoid excessively long variable names like MAX_TOTAL_CONN_PER_HOST
src/com/bbb/framework/httpquery/HTTPCallInvoker.java:248:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'staleCheckEnabled' (lines '248'-'255').
src/com/bbb/framework/httpquery/HTTPCallInvoker.java:248:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'staleCheckEnabled' (lines '248'-'257').
src/com/bbb/framework/httpquery/HTTPCallInvoker.java:249:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'connectionTimeout' (lines '249'-'261').
src/com/bbb/framework/httpquery/HTTPCallInvoker.java:249:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'connectionTimeout' (lines '249'-'263').
src/com/bbb/framework/httpquery/HTTPCallInvoker.java:250:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'socketTimeout' (lines '250'-'267').
src/com/bbb/framework/httpquery/HTTPCallInvoker.java:250:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'socketTimeout' (lines '250'-'269').
src/com/bbb/framework/httpquery/HTTPCallInvoker.java:251:	Avoid excessively long variable names like maxTotalConnections
src/com/bbb/framework/httpquery/HTTPCallInvoker.java:251:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'maxTotalConnections' (lines '251'-'273').
src/com/bbb/framework/httpquery/HTTPCallInvoker.java:251:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'maxTotalConnections' (lines '251'-'275').
src/com/bbb/framework/httpquery/HTTPCallInvoker.java:252:	Avoid excessively long variable names like maxHostConnectionsPerHost
src/com/bbb/framework/httpquery/HTTPCallInvoker.java:252:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'maxHostConnectionsPerHost' (lines '252'-'279').
src/com/bbb/framework/httpquery/HTTPCallInvoker.java:252:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'maxHostConnectionsPerHost' (lines '252'-'281').
src/com/bbb/framework/httpquery/HTTPCallInvoker.java:292:	Avoid excessively long variable names like clientConnectionManager
src/com/bbb/framework/httpquery/HTTPCallInvoker.java:320:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'entity' (lines '320'-'328').
src/com/bbb/framework/httpquery/HTTPCallInvoker.java:321:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'response' (lines '321'-'338').
src/com/bbb/framework/httpquery/HTTPCallInvoker.java:321:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'response' (lines '321'-'370').
src/com/bbb/framework/httpquery/HTTPCallInvoker.java:338:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'response' (lines '338'-'370').
src/com/bbb/framework/httpquery/HTTPCallInvoker.java:410:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'referer' (lines '410'-'412').
src/com/bbb/framework/httpquery/HTTPQueryManager.java:28:	Avoid excessively long variable names like HTTP_CLIENT_OPT_PARAMS
src/com/bbb/framework/httpquery/HTTPQueryManager.java:29:	Avoid excessively long variable names like HTTP_CLIENT_REQ_PARAMS
src/com/bbb/framework/httpquery/HTTPQueryManager.java:30:	Avoid excessively long variable names like WS_RESPONSE_PROCESSOR
src/com/bbb/framework/httpquery/HTTPQueryManager.java:54:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'responseVO' (lines '54'-'57').
src/com/bbb/framework/httpquery/HTTPQueryManager.java:78:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'hostTargetURL' (lines '78'-'102').
src/com/bbb/framework/httpquery/HTTPQueryManager.java:82:	Avoid excessively long variable names like requiredParamsList
src/com/bbb/framework/httpquery/HTTPQueryManager.java:82:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'requiredParamsList' (lines '82'-'89').
src/com/bbb/framework/httpquery/HTTPQueryManager.java:83:	Avoid excessively long variable names like optionalParamsList
src/com/bbb/framework/httpquery/HTTPQueryManager.java:83:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'optionalParamsList' (lines '83'-'94').
src/com/bbb/framework/httpquery/HTTPQueryManager.java:119:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'remoteResponse' (lines '119'-'121').
src/com/bbb/framework/httpquery/HTTPQueryManager.java:140:	Parameter 'configType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/httpquery/HTTPQueryManager.java:140:	Parameter 'serviceNames' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/httpquery/HTTPQueryManager.java:143:	Local variable 'paramsList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/httpquery/HTTPQueryManager.java:148:	Local variable 'sTokenizer' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/httpquery/HTTPQueryManager.java:152:	String.trim().length()==0 is an inefficient way to validate an empty String.
src/com/bbb/framework/httpquery/HTTPQueryManager.java:181:	Parameter 'arlList' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/httpquery/HTTPQueryManager.java:183:	Avoid variables with short names like h
src/com/bbb/framework/httpquery/HTTPQueryManager.java:183:	Local variable 'h' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/httpquery/HTTPQueryManager.java:203:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'resultParser' (lines '203'-'213').
src/com/bbb/framework/httpquery/HTTPQueryManager.java:203:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'resultParser' (lines '203'-'248').
src/com/bbb/framework/httpquery/HTTPQueryManager.java:222:	The String literal "ERR_HTTP_QUERY_BIZ_EXCEPTION" appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 222
src/com/bbb/framework/httpquery/HTTPQueryManager.java:239:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/framework/integration/RequestMarshallerIF.java:33:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/framework/integration/RequestMarshallerIF.java:44:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/framework/integration/ResponseUnMarshallerIF.java:32:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/framework/integration/ServiceRequestIF.java:23:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/framework/integration/ServiceRequestIF.java:30:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/framework/integration/ServiceResponseBase.java:45:	Parameter 'webServiceError' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/integration/ServiceResponseIF.java:25:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/framework/integration/ServiceResponseIF.java:32:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/framework/integration/ServiceResponseIF.java:39:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/framework/integration/exception/ServiceError.java:22:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/framework/integration/exception/ServiceException.java:39:	Avoid variables with short names like se
src/com/bbb/framework/integration/exception/ServiceExceptionConstants.java:160:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'e' (lines '160'-'163').
src/com/bbb/framework/integration/exception/ServiceExceptionConstants.java:161:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'error' (lines '161'-'164').
src/com/bbb/framework/integration/exception/ServiceExceptionConstants.java:162:	Avoid variables with short names like e
src/com/bbb/framework/integration/exception/ServiceExceptionConstants.java:162:	Local variable 'e' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/integration/exception/ServiceExceptionConstants.java:178:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'e' (lines '178'-'181').
src/com/bbb/framework/integration/exception/ServiceExceptionConstants.java:179:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'error' (lines '179'-'182').
src/com/bbb/framework/integration/exception/ServiceExceptionConstants.java:180:	Avoid variables with short names like e
src/com/bbb/framework/integration/exception/ServiceExceptionConstants.java:180:	Local variable 'e' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/integration/exception/ServiceRequestException.java:41:	Avoid variables with short names like e
src/com/bbb/framework/integration/exception/ServiceResponseException.java:39:	Avoid variables with short names like e
src/com/bbb/framework/integration/exception/ServiceResponseException.java:43:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/com/bbb/framework/integration/handlers/MsgHandlerFactoryIF.java:29:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/framework/integration/handlers/MsgServiceHandlerIF.java:28:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/framework/integration/handlers/MsgServiceHandlerIF.java:38:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/framework/integration/handlers/ServiceHandlerFactoryIF.java:26:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/framework/integration/handlers/ServiceHandlerFactoryIF.java:39:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/framework/integration/handlers/ServiceHandlerFactoryIF.java:52:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/framework/integration/handlers/ServiceHandlerFactoryIF.java:61:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/framework/integration/handlers/ServiceHandlerIF.java:28:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/framework/integration/util/ServiceHandlerUtil.java:74:	Local variable 'service' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/integration/util/ServiceHandlerUtil.java:75:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'voResp' (lines '75'-'80').
src/com/bbb/framework/integration/util/ServiceHandlerUtil.java:101:	Local variable 'service' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/integration/util/ServiceHandlerUtil.java:127:	Local variable 'service' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/integration/vo/ErrorVOIF.java:23:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/framework/integration/vo/ErrorVOIF.java:30:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/framework/integration/vo/ErrorVOIF.java:37:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/framework/integration/vo/ErrorVOIF.java:44:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/framework/integration/vo/ErrorVOIF.java:51:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/framework/integration/vo/ErrorVOIF.java:58:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/framework/integration/vo/RequestErrorVO.java:50:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'fld' (lines '50'-'67').
src/com/bbb/framework/integration/vo/RequestErrorVO.java:53:	Avoid variables with short names like sb
src/com/bbb/framework/integration/vo/RequestErrorVO.java:53:	StringBuffer constructor is initialized with size 16, but has at least 87 characters appended.
src/com/bbb/framework/integration/vo/RequestErrorVO.java:66:	Local variable 'fld' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/integration/vo/RequestErrorVO.java:107:	Parameter 'transId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/integration/vo/ResponseErrorVO.java:50:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'fld' (lines '50'-'67').
src/com/bbb/framework/integration/vo/ResponseErrorVO.java:53:	Avoid variables with short names like sb
src/com/bbb/framework/integration/vo/ResponseErrorVO.java:53:	StringBuffer constructor is initialized with size 16, but has at least 87 characters appended.
src/com/bbb/framework/integration/vo/ResponseErrorVO.java:66:	Local variable 'fld' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/BBBJMSInitialContextFactory.java:34:	The class 'BBBJMSInitialContextFactory' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 10).
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/BBBJMSInitialContextFactory.java:47:	Avoid excessively long variable names like initialContextFactory
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/BBBJMSInitialContextFactory.java:88:	Parameter 'extraProperties' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/BBBJMSInitialContextFactory.java:97:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'contextList' (lines '97'-'99').
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/BBBJMSInitialContextFactory.java:119:	Avoid excessively long variable names like initialContextFactory
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/BBBJMSInitialContextFactory.java:119:	Parameter 'initialContextFactory' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/BBBJMSInitialContextFactory.java:128:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'jmsList' (lines '128'-'130').
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/BBBJMSInitialContextFactory.java:150:	Parameter 'providerURL' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/BBBJMSInitialContextFactory.java:159:	Avoid excessively long variable names like factoryUrlPkgsList
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/BBBJMSInitialContextFactory.java:159:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'factoryUrlPkgsList' (lines '159'-'161').
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/BBBJMSInitialContextFactory.java:181:	Parameter 'factoryUrlPkgs' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/BBBJMSInitialContextFactory.java:188:	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/BBBJMSInitialContextFactory.java:188:	Document empty constructor
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/BBBJMSInitialContextFactory.java:195:	Avoid using implementation types like 'Hashtable'; use the interface instead
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/BBBJMSInitialContextFactory.java:195:	Avoid using implementation types like 'Hashtable'; use the interface instead
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/BBBJMSInitialContextFactory.java:195:	Consider replacing this Hashtable with the newer java.util.Map
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/BBBJMSInitialContextFactory.java:195:	The method 'getInitialContext' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/BBBJMSInitialContextFactory.java:215:	Avoid excessively long variable names like extraPropertyNames
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/BBBJMSInitialContextFactory.java:215:	Local variable 'extraPropertyNames' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/BBBJMSInitialContextFactory.java:217:	This for loop could be simplified to a while loop
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/BBBJMSInitialContextFactory.java:222:	Local variable 'jmsNamingContext' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/BBBJMSInitialContextFactory.java:223:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'jmsNamingContext'
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/BBBJMSInitialContextFactory.java:249:	Parameter 'queueType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/BBBJMSInitialContextFactory.java:263:	Parameter 'catalogTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/BBBJMSInitialContextFactory.java:267:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'jmsList' (lines '267'-'269').
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/BBBJMSInitialContextFactory.java:285:	Parameter 'cfUserName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/BBBJMSInitialContextFactory.java:290:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'jmsList' (lines '290'-'292').
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/BBBJMSInitialContextFactory.java:308:	Parameter 'cfPassword' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/DestinationFactory.java:37:	Parameter 'destinationMap' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/DestinationFactory.java:46:	Parameter 'service' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/MessageDestination.java:86:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'jmsList' (lines '86'-'88').
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/MessageDestination.java:109:	Parameter 'destination' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/MessageDestination.java:124:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/MessageDestination.java:143:	Parameter 'messageType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/MessageDestination.java:159:	Parameter 'marshaller' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/MessageDestination.java:175:	Parameter 'provider' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/MessageDestination.java:194:	Parameter 'type' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/MessageDestination.java:204:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'jmsList' (lines '204'-'207').
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/MessageDestination.java:235:	Parameter 'catalogTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/MessageDestination.java:250:	Parameter 'configType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/MessageDestination.java:265:	Parameter 'configKey' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/MessageDestination.java:278:	Parameter 'jmsType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/MessageMarshaller.java:35:	Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/MessageMarshaller.java:35:	Parameter 'reqVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/MessageMarshaller.java:40:	Parameter 'pReqVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/MessageServiceListener.java:37:	The class 'MessageServiceListener' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 21).
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/MessageServiceListener.java:43:	Avoid excessively long variable names like destinationFactory
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/MessageServiceListener.java:50:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mSubscriberDurableFlag
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/MessageServiceListener.java:56:	Avoid excessively long variable names like subscriberDurableFlag
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/MessageServiceListener.java:84:	Avoid excessively long variable names like destinationFactory
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/MessageServiceListener.java:110:	The method 'doStartService' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 21.
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/MessageServiceListener.java:110:	The method doStartService() has an NPath complexity of 468
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/MessageServiceListener.java:131:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'topic' (lines '131'-'183').
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/MessageServiceListener.java:133:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'topicSubscriber' (lines '133'-'149').
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/MessageServiceListener.java:133:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'topicSubscriber' (lines '133'-'156').
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/MessageServiceListener.java:159:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/MessageServiceListener.java:219:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'clientId' (lines '219'-'221').
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/MessageServiceListener.java:232:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'durableName' (lines '232'-'234').
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/MessageServiceProvider.java:42:	Too many fields
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/MessageServiceProvider.java:47:	Avoid excessively long variable names like queueConnectionFactoryName
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/MessageServiceProvider.java:52:	Avoid excessively long variable names like connectionFactoryName
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/MessageServiceProvider.java:65:	Avoid excessively long variable names like topicConnectionFactoryName
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/MessageServiceProvider.java:75:	Avoid excessively long variable names like queueXAConnectionFactoryName
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/MessageServiceProvider.java:80:	Avoid excessively long variable names like topicXAConnectionFactoryName
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/MessageServiceProvider.java:90:	Avoid excessively long variable names like topicConnectionFactory
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/MessageServiceProvider.java:95:	Avoid excessively long variable names like xaQueueConnectionFactory
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/MessageServiceProvider.java:100:	Avoid excessively long variable names like xaTopicConnectionFactory
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/MessageServiceProvider.java:105:	Avoid excessively long variable names like contextDestinationMap
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/MessageServiceProvider.java:120:	Avoid excessively long variable names like contextDestinationMap
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/MessageServiceProvider.java:120:	Parameter 'contextDestinationMap' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/MessageServiceProvider.java:129:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'jmsList' (lines '129'-'131').
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/MessageServiceProvider.java:151:	Avoid excessively long variable names like queueConnectionFactoryName
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/MessageServiceProvider.java:151:	Parameter 'queueConnectionFactoryName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/MessageServiceProvider.java:160:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'jmsList' (lines '160'-'162').
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/MessageServiceProvider.java:182:	Avoid excessively long variable names like connectionFactoryName
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/MessageServiceProvider.java:182:	Parameter 'connectionFactoryName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/MessageServiceProvider.java:191:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'jmsList' (lines '191'-'193').
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/MessageServiceProvider.java:213:	Avoid excessively long variable names like topicConnectionFactoryName
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/MessageServiceProvider.java:213:	Parameter 'topicConnectionFactoryName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/MessageServiceProvider.java:222:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'jmsList' (lines '222'-'224').
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/MessageServiceProvider.java:244:	Avoid excessively long variable names like queueXAConnectionFactoryName
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/MessageServiceProvider.java:244:	Parameter 'queueXAConnectionFactoryName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/MessageServiceProvider.java:253:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'jmsList' (lines '253'-'255').
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/MessageServiceProvider.java:275:	Avoid excessively long variable names like topicXAConnectionFactoryName
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/MessageServiceProvider.java:275:	Parameter 'topicXAConnectionFactoryName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/MessageServiceProvider.java:282:	Avoid excessively long variable names like jmsInitialContextFactory
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/MessageServiceProvider.java:297:	Avoid excessively long variable names like jmsInitialContextFactory
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/MessageServiceProvider.java:297:	Parameter 'jmsInitialContextFactory' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/MessageServiceProvider.java:307:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/MessageServiceProvider.java:327:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/MessageServiceProvider.java:342:	Avoid excessively long variable names like queueConnectionFactory
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/MessageServiceProvider.java:423:	Parameter 'type' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/MessageServiceProvider.java:436:	Avoid excessively long variable names like transactionSupported
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/MessageServiceProvider.java:436:	Parameter 'transactionSupported' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/MessageServiceProvider.java:436:	Parameter 'type' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/MessageServiceProvider.java:439:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'conn' (lines '439'-'441').
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/MessageServiceProvider.java:439:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'conn' (lines '439'-'444').
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/MessageServiceProvider.java:439:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'conn' (lines '439'-'446').
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/MessageServiceProvider.java:439:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'conn' (lines '439'-'450').
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/MessageServiceProvider.java:439:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'conn' (lines '439'-'452').
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/MessageServiceProvider.java:439:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'conn' (lines '439'-'455').
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/MessageServiceProvider.java:473:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/MessageServiceProvider.java:473:	Parameter 'destType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/MessageServiceProvider.java:474:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'session' (lines '474'-'477').
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/MessageServiceProvider.java:474:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'session' (lines '474'-'479').
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/MessageServiceProvider.java:474:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'session' (lines '474'-'481').
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/MessageServiceProvider.java:498:	Parameter 'jndiName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/MessageServiceProvider.java:510:	Parameter 'destName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/MessageServiceProvider.java:512:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/MessageServiceProvider.java:529:	Parameter 'conn' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/MessageServiceProvider.java:545:	Parameter 'catalogTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/MessageServiceProvider.java:559:	Parameter 'queueType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/MessageServiceProvider.java:564:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'jmsList' (lines '564'-'566').
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/MessageServiceProvider.java:583:	Parameter 'cfUserName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/MessageServiceProvider.java:588:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'jmsList' (lines '588'-'590').
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/MessageServiceProvider.java:607:	Parameter 'cfPassword' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/MessageServiceProvider.java:613:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/MessageServiceProvider.java:614:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/MessageServiceProvider.java:615:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/MessageServiceProvider.java:616:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/MessageServiceProvider.java:617:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/TestMarshaller.java:31:	Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/TestMarshaller.java:31:	Parameter 'reqVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/TestMarshaller.java:34:	Local variable 'txtMessage' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/handlers/MessageServiceHandler.java:6:	A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/handlers/MessageServiceHandler.java:42:	The class 'MessageServiceHandler' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 5 (Highest = 15).
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/handlers/MessageServiceHandler.java:44:	Avoid excessively long variable names like destinationFactory
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/handlers/MessageServiceHandler.java:45:	Avoid excessively long variable names like serviceToErrorCodeMap
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/handlers/MessageServiceHandler.java:52:	Avoid excessively long variable names like destinationFactory
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/handlers/MessageServiceHandler.java:52:	Parameter 'destinationFactory' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/handlers/MessageServiceHandler.java:60:	Avoid excessively long variable names like serviceToErrorCodeMap
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/handlers/MessageServiceHandler.java:60:	Parameter 'serviceToErrorCodeMap' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/handlers/MessageServiceHandler.java:75:	The method 'send' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 14.
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/handlers/MessageServiceHandler.java:83:	Local variable 'destination' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/handlers/MessageServiceHandler.java:84:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'provider' (lines '84'-'86').
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/handlers/MessageServiceHandler.java:84:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'provider' (lines '84'-'160').
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/handlers/MessageServiceHandler.java:85:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/handlers/MessageServiceHandler.java:91:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'session' (lines '91'-'99').
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/handlers/MessageServiceHandler.java:91:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'session' (lines '91'-'160').
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/handlers/MessageServiceHandler.java:92:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'conn' (lines '92'-'98').
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/handlers/MessageServiceHandler.java:92:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'conn' (lines '92'-'160').
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/handlers/MessageServiceHandler.java:95:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'destType' (lines '95'-'160').
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/handlers/MessageServiceHandler.java:95:	Local variable 'destType' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/handlers/MessageServiceHandler.java:97:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/handlers/MessageServiceHandler.java:104:	Local variable 'message' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/handlers/MessageServiceHandler.java:108:	Local variable 'marshaller' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/handlers/MessageServiceHandler.java:110:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/handlers/MessageServiceHandler.java:116:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'jmsDestiation' (lines '116'-'160').
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/handlers/MessageServiceHandler.java:116:	Local variable 'jmsDestiation' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/handlers/MessageServiceHandler.java:126:	Local variable 'publisher' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/handlers/MessageServiceHandler.java:129:	Local variable 'sender' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/handlers/MessageServiceHandler.java:135:	Local variable 'errorCode' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/handlers/MessageServiceHandler.java:140:	Local variable 'errorCode' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/handlers/MessageServiceHandler.java:174:	The method 'sendTextMessage' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 15.
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/handlers/MessageServiceHandler.java:179:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'xmlMessage' (lines '179'-'196').
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/handlers/MessageServiceHandler.java:179:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'xmlMessage' (lines '179'-'251').
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/handlers/MessageServiceHandler.java:180:	Local variable 'destination' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/handlers/MessageServiceHandler.java:181:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'provider' (lines '181'-'183').
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/handlers/MessageServiceHandler.java:181:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'provider' (lines '181'-'251').
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/handlers/MessageServiceHandler.java:182:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/handlers/MessageServiceHandler.java:183:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'provider' (lines '183'-'251').
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/handlers/MessageServiceHandler.java:188:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'session' (lines '188'-'202').
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/handlers/MessageServiceHandler.java:188:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'session' (lines '188'-'251').
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/handlers/MessageServiceHandler.java:189:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'conn' (lines '189'-'201').
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/handlers/MessageServiceHandler.java:189:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'conn' (lines '189'-'251').
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/handlers/MessageServiceHandler.java:193:	Local variable 'marshaller' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/handlers/MessageServiceHandler.java:195:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/handlers/MessageServiceHandler.java:198:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'destType' (lines '198'-'251').
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/handlers/MessageServiceHandler.java:198:	Local variable 'destType' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/handlers/MessageServiceHandler.java:200:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/handlers/MessageServiceHandler.java:207:	Local variable 'txtMessage' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/handlers/MessageServiceHandler.java:211:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'jmsDestiation' (lines '211'-'251').
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/handlers/MessageServiceHandler.java:211:	Local variable 'jmsDestiation' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/handlers/MessageServiceHandler.java:217:	Local variable 'publisher' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/handlers/MessageServiceHandler.java:220:	Local variable 'sender' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/handlers/MessageServiceHandler.java:282:	Parameter 'destination' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/handlers/MessageServiceHandler.java:282:	Parameter 'session' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/handlers/MessageServiceHandler.java:283:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'message' (lines '283'-'285').
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/handlers/MessageServiceHandler.java:283:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'message' (lines '283'-'287').
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/handlers/MessageServiceHandler.java:283:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'message' (lines '283'-'289').
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/handlers/MessageServiceHandler.java:283:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'message' (lines '283'-'291').
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/handlers/MessageServiceHandler.java:283:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'message' (lines '283'-'293').
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/handlers/MessageServiceHandler.java:283:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'message' (lines '283'-'295').
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/handlers/MessageServiceHandler.java:307:	JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/handlers/MessageServiceHandler.java:308:	Local variable 'voReq' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/handlers/MsgHandlerFactory.java:29:	Parameter 'msgMarshallerMap' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/handlers/MsgHandlerFactory.java:34:	Parameter 'service' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/handlers/MsgHandlerFactory.java:41:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'marshaller' (lines '41'-'43').
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/handlers/MsgHandlerFactory.java:42:	Local variable 'marshallerClass' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/integration/MsgMarshallerIF.java:28:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/framework/messaging/integration/MsgMarshallerIF.java:36:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/framework/pagefilter/BBBPageFilter.java:24:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/pagefilter/BBBPageFilter.java:24:	Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/pagefilter/BBBPageFilter.java:25:	Parameter 'chain' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/pagefilter/BBBPageFilter.java:29:	System.out.print is used
src/com/bbb/framework/performance/BBBPerformanceConstants.java:18:	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/com/bbb/framework/performance/BBBPerformanceConstants.java:36:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SIGNIN_FRAUD_CHECK
src/com/bbb/framework/performance/BBBPerformanceConstants.java:39:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SIGNIN_VALIDATE_USER
src/com/bbb/framework/performance/BBBPerformanceConstants.java:49:	Avoid excessively long variable names like FACEBOOK_INTEGRATION
src/com/bbb/framework/performance/BBBPerformanceConstants.java:52:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SEARCH_INTEGRATION
src/com/bbb/framework/performance/BBBPerformanceConstants.java:61:	Avoid excessively long variable names like DROPLET_CACHE_INTEGRATION
src/com/bbb/framework/performance/BBBPerformanceConstants.java:64:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFT_REG_FLYOUT_WS_CALL
src/com/bbb/framework/performance/BBBPerformanceConstants.java:76:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SIGNIN_CHECK_SITE_GROUP
src/com/bbb/framework/performance/BBBPerformanceConstants.java:85:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SHIPPING_STORE_PICKUP
src/com/bbb/framework/performance/BBBPerformanceConstants.java:88:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SHIPPING_ONLINE_SHIP
src/com/bbb/framework/performance/BBBPerformanceConstants.java:91:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CREATE_CREDIT_CARD
src/com/bbb/framework/performance/BBBPerformanceConstants.java:93:	Avoid excessively long variable names like POPULATE_BILLING_ADDRESS
src/com/bbb/framework/performance/BBBPerformanceConstants.java:95:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SAVE_BILLING_ADDRESS
src/com/bbb/framework/performance/BBBPerformanceConstants.java:97:	Avoid excessively long variable names like EDIT_BILLING_ADDRESS
src/com/bbb/framework/performance/BBBPerformanceConstants.java:101:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ADD_SINGLE_SHIPPING
src/com/bbb/framework/performance/BBBPerformanceConstants.java:103:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ADD_MULTIPLE_SHIPPING
src/com/bbb/framework/performance/BBBPerformanceConstants.java:106:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ADD_MULTIPLE_GIFT_OPTION
src/com/bbb/framework/performance/BBBPerformanceConstants.java:109:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ORDER_CONFIRMATION
src/com/bbb/framework/performance/BBBPerformanceConstants.java:124:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'CMS_Nav_Flyout' is not all capitals.
src/com/bbb/framework/performance/BBBPerformanceConstants.java:130:	Avoid excessively long variable names like BBB_PAYMENTGROUP_DROPLET
src/com/bbb/framework/performance/BBBPerformanceConstants.java:132:	Avoid excessively long variable names like VALUE_LINK_PROCESSOR
src/com/bbb/framework/performance/BBBPerformanceConstants.java:134:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PRE_COMMIT_ORDER_PROCESS
src/com/bbb/framework/performance/BBBPerformanceConstants.java:136:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PRE_COMMIT_INVENTORY_CHECK
src/com/bbb/framework/performance/BBBPerformanceConstants.java:138:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PRE_COMMIT_GIFT_CARD_CHECK
src/com/bbb/framework/performance/BBBPerformanceConstants.java:140:	Avoid excessively long variable names like COMMIT_ORDER_PROCESS
src/com/bbb/framework/performance/BBBPerformanceConstants.java:142:	Avoid excessively long variable names like COMMIT_ORDER_UPDATE
src/com/bbb/framework/performance/BBBPerformanceConstants.java:144:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SUBMIT_ORDER_PROCESS
src/com/bbb/framework/performance/BBBPerformanceConstants.java:146:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CYBERSOURCE_AUTH_CALL
src/com/bbb/framework/performance/BBBPerformanceConstants.java:148:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CYBERSOURCE_TAX_CALL
src/com/bbb/framework/performance/BBBPerformanceConstants.java:170:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ADD_ITEM_TO_WISH_LIST
src/com/bbb/framework/performance/BBBPerformanceConstants.java:172:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ADD_ITEM_TO_GIFT_LIST
src/com/bbb/framework/performance/BBBPerformanceConstants.java:174:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ADD_TOITEM_POST_LOGIN_USER
src/com/bbb/framework/performance/BBBPerformanceConstants.java:176:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CHECKUSER_TOKEN_BVRR
src/com/bbb/framework/performance/BBBPerformanceConstants.java:178:	Avoid excessively long variable names like LOAD_ORDER_FROM_COOKIE
src/com/bbb/framework/performance/BBBPerformanceConstants.java:180:	Avoid excessively long variable names like LOAD_SAVED_ITEM_FROM_COOKIE
src/com/bbb/framework/performance/BBBPerformanceConstants.java:182:	Avoid excessively long variable names like STATUS_CHANGE_MESSAGE
src/com/bbb/framework/performance/BBBPerformanceMonitor.java:27:	The class 'BBBPerformanceMonitor' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 5 (Highest = 10).
src/com/bbb/framework/performance/BBBPerformanceMonitor.java:31:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PERF_MONITOR_PREFIX
src/com/bbb/framework/performance/BBBPerformanceMonitor.java:53:	Local variable 'perfMonitor' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/performance/BBBPerformanceMonitor.java:72:	Local variable 'perfMonitor' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/performance/BBBPerformanceMonitor.java:87:	Avoid variables with short names like s
src/com/bbb/framework/performance/BBBPerformanceMonitor.java:87:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 's' (lines '87'-'100').
src/com/bbb/framework/performance/BBBPerformanceMonitor.java:87:	Local variable 's' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/performance/BBBPerformanceMonitor.java:110:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/framework/performance/BBBPerformanceMonitor.java:129:	Avoid variables with short names like s
src/com/bbb/framework/performance/BBBPerformanceMonitor.java:129:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 's' (lines '129'-'135').
src/com/bbb/framework/performance/BBBPerformanceMonitor.java:129:	Local variable 's' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/performance/BBBPerformanceMonitor.java:144:	The method 'end' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/com/bbb/framework/performance/BBBPerformanceMonitor.java:145:	Avoid variables with short names like s
src/com/bbb/framework/performance/BBBPerformanceMonitor.java:145:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 's' (lines '145'-'174').
src/com/bbb/framework/performance/BBBPerformanceMonitor.java:145:	Local variable 's' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/performance/BBBPerformanceMonitor.java:153:	The String literal "PerfStackMismatchException for " appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 153
src/com/bbb/framework/performance/BBBPerformanceMonitor.java:156:	Local variable 'isSuccess' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/performance/BBBPerformanceMonitor.java:188:	Avoid variables with short names like s
src/com/bbb/framework/performance/BBBPerformanceMonitor.java:188:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 's' (lines '188'-'206').
src/com/bbb/framework/performance/BBBPerformanceMonitor.java:188:	Local variable 's' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/performance/BBBPerformanceMonitor.java:199:	Local variable 'isSuccess' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/performance/BBBPerformanceMonitor.java:216:	Avoid variables with short names like s
src/com/bbb/framework/performance/BBBPerformanceMonitor.java:216:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 's' (lines '216'-'228').
src/com/bbb/framework/performance/BBBPerformanceMonitor.java:216:	Local variable 's' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/performance/BBBPerformanceMonitor.java:242:	Avoid variables with short names like s
src/com/bbb/framework/performance/BBBPerformanceMonitor.java:242:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 's' (lines '242'-'254').
src/com/bbb/framework/performance/BBBPerformanceMonitor.java:242:	Local variable 's' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/performance/BBBPerformanceMonitor.java:260:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'entry' (lines '260'-'265').
src/com/bbb/framework/performance/BBBPerformanceMonitor.java:260:	The method 'printOut' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/com/bbb/framework/performance/BBBPerformanceMonitor.java:266:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/framework/performance/BBBPerformanceMonitor.java:266:	Local variable 'flowName' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/performance/BBBPerformanceMonitor.java:289:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/framework/performance/BBBPerformanceMonitor.java:289:	Singleton is not thread safe
src/com/bbb/framework/performance/BBBPerformanceMonitor.java:292:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/framework/performance/PerfMonitorVO.java:24:	Private field 'mapOfTimes' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/com/bbb/framework/performance/PerfMonitorVO.java:81:	Local variable 'perfTimesVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/performance/PerfMonitorVO.java:95:	Local variable 'perfTimesVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/performance/PerfMonitorVO.java:115:	Local variable 'perfTimesVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/performance/logger/PerformanceLogger.java:23:	Avoid excessively long variable names like performMonitorXMLEnabled
src/com/bbb/framework/performance/logger/PerformanceLogger.java:24:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mEnableCustomComponentsMonitoring
src/com/bbb/framework/performance/logger/PerformanceLogger.java:44:	Avoid excessively long variable names like performMonitorXMLEnabled
src/com/bbb/framework/performance/logger/PerformanceLogger.java:58:	Avoid excessively long variable names like enableCustomComponentsMonitoring
src/com/bbb/framework/performance/logger/PerformanceLogger.java:58:	Parameter 'enableCustomComponentsMonitoring' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/performance/pipeline/SessionLoggingServlet.java:21:	Avoid excessively long variable names like NEW_SESSION_LOG_MSG
src/com/bbb/framework/performance/pipeline/SessionLoggingServlet.java:30:	Local variable 'session' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/performance/pipeline/ThreadDescriptionServlet.java:44:	Local variable 'origName' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/performance/pipeline/ThreadDescriptionServlet.java:47:	Local variable 'jsessionid' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/performance/pipeline/ThreadDescriptionServlet.java:48:	Local variable 'requestURI' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/performance/pipeline/ThreadDescriptionServlet.java:49:	Local variable 'remoteAddr' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/performance/pipeline/ThreadDescriptionServlet.java:50:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'profileId' (lines '50'-'55').
src/com/bbb/framework/performance/pipeline/ThreadDescriptionServlet.java:52:	Local variable 'profile' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/performance/pipeline/ThreadDescriptionServlet.java:100:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pageName' (lines '100'-'104').
src/com/bbb/framework/performance/pipeline/ThreadDescriptionServlet.java:103:	String.indexOf(char) is faster than String.indexOf(String).
src/com/bbb/framework/performance/pipeline/ThreadDescriptionServlet.java:104:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pageName' (lines '104'-'106').
src/com/bbb/framework/performance/pipeline/ThreadDescriptionServlet.java:104:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pageName' (lines '104'-'108').
src/com/bbb/framework/performance/pipeline/ThreadDescriptionServlet.java:104:	String.indexOf(char) is faster than String.indexOf(String).
src/com/bbb/framework/performance/pipeline/ThreadDescriptionServlet.java:106:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/com/bbb/framework/performance/pipeline/ThreadDescriptionServlet.java:108:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/com/bbb/framework/security/HideUrlSessionFilter.java:19:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/security/HideUrlSessionFilter.java:19:	Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/security/HideUrlSessionFilter.java:20:	Parameter 'chain' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/security/HideUrlSessionFilter.java:28:	Local variable 'httpRequest' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/security/HideUrlSessionFilter.java:29:	Local variable 'httpResponse' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/security/HideUrlSessionFilter.java:32:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'session' (lines '32'-'85').
src/com/bbb/framework/security/HideUrlSessionFilter.java:32:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'session' (lines '32'-'85').
src/com/bbb/framework/security/HideUrlSessionFilter.java:32:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'session' (lines '32'-'85').
src/com/bbb/framework/security/HideUrlSessionFilter.java:32:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'session' (lines '32'-'85').
src/com/bbb/framework/security/HideUrlSessionFilter.java:32:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'session' (lines '32'-'85').
src/com/bbb/framework/security/HideUrlSessionFilter.java:32:	Local variable 'session' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/security/HideUrlSessionFilter.java:36:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/com/bbb/framework/security/HideUrlSessionFilter.java:57:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'wrappedResponse' (lines '57'-'85').
src/com/bbb/framework/security/HideUrlSessionFilter.java:57:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'wrappedResponse' (lines '57'-'85').
src/com/bbb/framework/security/HideUrlSessionFilter.java:57:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'wrappedResponse' (lines '57'-'85').
src/com/bbb/framework/security/HideUrlSessionFilter.java:57:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'wrappedResponse' (lines '57'-'85').
src/com/bbb/framework/security/HideUrlSessionFilter.java:57:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'wrappedResponse' (lines '57'-'85').
src/com/bbb/framework/security/HideUrlSessionFilter.java:57:	Local variable 'wrappedResponse' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/security/HideUrlSessionFilter.java:60:	Parameter 'url' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/security/HideUrlSessionFilter.java:65:	Parameter 'url' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/security/HideUrlSessionFilter.java:70:	Parameter 'url' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/security/HideUrlSessionFilter.java:75:	Parameter 'url' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/security/HideUrlSessionFilter.java:87:	Parameter 'config' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/security/SessionSecurityBean.java:11:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'SESSION_TOKEN' is not final.
src/com/bbb/framework/security/SessionSecurityBean.java:11:	The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
src/com/bbb/framework/security/SessionSecurityBean.java:11:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'SESSION_TOKEN' starts with uppercase character.
src/com/bbb/framework/security/SessionSecurityBean.java:12:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'SECURE_TOKEN_FLAG' is not final.
src/com/bbb/framework/security/SessionSecurityBean.java:12:	The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
src/com/bbb/framework/security/SessionSecurityBean.java:12:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'SECURE_TOKEN_FLAG' starts with uppercase character.
src/com/bbb/framework/security/SessionSecurityBean.java:13:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'SECURE_COOKIE' is not final.
src/com/bbb/framework/security/SessionSecurityBean.java:13:	The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
src/com/bbb/framework/security/SessionSecurityBean.java:13:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'SECURE_COOKIE' starts with uppercase character.
src/com/bbb/framework/security/SessionSecurityBean.java:16:	Local variable 'request' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/security/SessionSecurityBean.java:20:	Parameter 'secureTokenstatus' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/security/SessionSecurityBean.java:23:	Local variable 'request' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/security/SessionSecurityBean.java:24:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'sessionToken' (lines '24'-'28').
src/com/bbb/framework/security/SessionSecurityBean.java:25:	Local variable 'secureCookieValue' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/security/SessionSecurityFilter.java:9:	Avoid unused imports such as 'javax.servlet.RequestDispatcher'
src/com/bbb/framework/security/SessionSecurityFilter.java:9:	Avoid unused imports such as 'javax.servlet.RequestDispatcher'
src/com/bbb/framework/security/SessionSecurityFilter.java:17:	Avoid unused imports such as 'atg.nucleus.logging.ApplicationLogging'
src/com/bbb/framework/security/SessionSecurityFilter.java:17:	Avoid unused imports such as 'atg.nucleus.logging.ApplicationLogging'
src/com/bbb/framework/security/SessionSecurityFilter.java:18:	Avoid unused imports such as 'atg.nucleus.logging.ClassLoggingFactory'
src/com/bbb/framework/security/SessionSecurityFilter.java:18:	Avoid unused imports such as 'atg.nucleus.logging.ClassLoggingFactory'
src/com/bbb/framework/security/SessionSecurityFilter.java:26:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'SECURE_COOKIE' is not final.
src/com/bbb/framework/security/SessionSecurityFilter.java:26:	The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
src/com/bbb/framework/security/SessionSecurityFilter.java:26:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'SECURE_COOKIE' starts with uppercase character.
src/com/bbb/framework/security/SessionSecurityFilter.java:27:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'SESSION_TOKEN' is not final.
src/com/bbb/framework/security/SessionSecurityFilter.java:27:	The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
src/com/bbb/framework/security/SessionSecurityFilter.java:27:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'SESSION_TOKEN' starts with uppercase character.
src/com/bbb/framework/security/SessionSecurityFilter.java:28:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'ERROR_PAGE'.
src/com/bbb/framework/security/SessionSecurityFilter.java:28:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'ERROR_PAGE' is not final.
src/com/bbb/framework/security/SessionSecurityFilter.java:28:	The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
src/com/bbb/framework/security/SessionSecurityFilter.java:28:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'ERROR_PAGE' starts with uppercase character.
src/com/bbb/framework/security/SessionSecurityFilter.java:30:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/framework/security/SessionSecurityFilter.java:30:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/security/SessionSecurityFilter.java:30:	Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/security/SessionSecurityFilter.java:31:	Parameter 'chain' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/security/SessionSecurityFilter.java:41:	Local variable 'httpRequest' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/security/SessionSecurityFilter.java:42:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'httpResponse' (lines '42'-'142').
src/com/bbb/framework/security/SessionSecurityFilter.java:42:	Local variable 'httpResponse' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/security/SessionSecurityFilter.java:46:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'secureCookieValue' (lines '46'-'56').
src/com/bbb/framework/security/SessionSecurityFilter.java:46:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'secureCookieValue' (lines '46'-'142').
src/com/bbb/framework/security/SessionSecurityFilter.java:47:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'sessionToken' (lines '47'-'61').
src/com/bbb/framework/security/SessionSecurityFilter.java:47:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'sessionToken' (lines '47'-'142').
src/com/bbb/framework/security/SessionSecurityFilter.java:73:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/framework/security/SessionSecurityFilter.java:80:	Local variable 'passwordHasher' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/security/SessionSecurityFilter.java:81:	Local variable 'securedCookie' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/security/SessionSecurityFilter.java:85:	Local variable 'cookie' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/security/SessionSecurityFilter.java:105:	The String literal "Secure token mismatch between HttpSession and browser cookie" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 105
src/com/bbb/framework/security/SessionSecurityFilter.java:119:	Local variable 'passwordHasher' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/security/SessionSecurityFilter.java:120:	Local variable 'securedCookie' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/security/SessionSecurityFilter.java:123:	Local variable 'cookie' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/security/SessionSecurityFilter.java:144:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/security/SessionSecurityFilter.java:145:	Local variable 'cookies' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/security/SessionSecurityFilter.java:146:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'cookieValue' (lines '146'-'151').
src/com/bbb/framework/security/SessionSecurityFilter.java:147:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/com/bbb/framework/security/SessionSecurityFilter.java:149:	Local variable 'name' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/security/SessionSecurityFilter.java:159:	Parameter 'config' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/security/SessionSecurityServlet.java:23:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'SECURE_COOKIE' is not final.
src/com/bbb/framework/security/SessionSecurityServlet.java:23:	The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
src/com/bbb/framework/security/SessionSecurityServlet.java:23:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'SECURE_COOKIE' starts with uppercase character.
src/com/bbb/framework/security/SessionSecurityServlet.java:24:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'SESSION_TOKEN' is not final.
src/com/bbb/framework/security/SessionSecurityServlet.java:24:	The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
src/com/bbb/framework/security/SessionSecurityServlet.java:24:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'SESSION_TOKEN' starts with uppercase character.
src/com/bbb/framework/security/SessionSecurityServlet.java:25:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'ERROR_PAGE' is not final.
src/com/bbb/framework/security/SessionSecurityServlet.java:25:	The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
src/com/bbb/framework/security/SessionSecurityServlet.java:25:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'ERROR_PAGE' starts with uppercase character.
src/com/bbb/framework/security/SessionSecurityServlet.java:26:	Avoid excessively long variable names like AUTH_ERROR_HTTP_STAUS
src/com/bbb/framework/security/SessionSecurityServlet.java:26:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'AUTH_ERROR_HTTP_STAUS' is not final.
src/com/bbb/framework/security/SessionSecurityServlet.java:26:	The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
src/com/bbb/framework/security/SessionSecurityServlet.java:26:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'AUTH_ERROR_HTTP_STAUS' starts with uppercase character.
src/com/bbb/framework/security/SessionSecurityServlet.java:27:	The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
src/com/bbb/framework/security/SessionSecurityServlet.java:27:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'CONTEXT' starts with uppercase character.
src/com/bbb/framework/security/SessionSecurityServlet.java:28:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'SECURE_TOKEN_FLAG' is not final.
src/com/bbb/framework/security/SessionSecurityServlet.java:28:	The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
src/com/bbb/framework/security/SessionSecurityServlet.java:28:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'SECURE_TOKEN_FLAG' starts with uppercase character.
src/com/bbb/framework/security/SessionSecurityServlet.java:34:	A getX() method which returns a boolean should be named isX()
src/com/bbb/framework/security/SessionSecurityServlet.java:38:	Parameter 'enableServlet' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/security/SessionSecurityServlet.java:42:	Parameter 'pRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/security/SessionSecurityServlet.java:42:	Parameter 'pResponse' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/security/SessionSecurityServlet.java:63:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'secureCookieValue' (lines '63'-'70').
src/com/bbb/framework/security/SessionSecurityServlet.java:63:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'secureCookieValue' (lines '63'-'110').
src/com/bbb/framework/security/SessionSecurityServlet.java:64:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'sessionToken' (lines '64'-'73').
src/com/bbb/framework/security/SessionSecurityServlet.java:64:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'sessionToken' (lines '64'-'110').
src/com/bbb/framework/security/SessionSecurityServlet.java:83:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/framework/security/SessionSecurityServlet.java:106:	An empty statement (semicolon) not part of a loop
src/com/bbb/framework/security/SessionSecurityServlet.java:113:	Parameter 'config' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/security/SessionSecurityServlet.java:121:	Parameter 'pRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/security/SessionSecurityServlet.java:121:	Parameter 'pResponse' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/security/SessionSecurityServlet.java:126:	Local variable 'passwordHasher' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/security/SessionSecurityServlet.java:127:	Local variable 'securedCookie' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/security/SessionSecurityServlet.java:130:	Local variable 'cookie' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/security/SessionSecurityServlet.java:137:	Avoid unnecessary return statements
src/com/bbb/framework/security/SessionSecurityServlet.java:140:	Parameter 'pRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/security/SessionSecurityServlet.java:140:	Parameter 'pResponse' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/security/SessionSecurityServlet.java:148:	Local variable 'session' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/security/SessionSecurityServlet.java:154:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/com/bbb/framework/security/SessionSecurityServlet.java:155:	Avoid instantiating Boolean objects; reference Boolean.TRUE or Boolean.FALSE or call Boolean.valueOf() instead.
src/com/bbb/framework/security/SessionSecurityServlet.java:168:	Parameter 'pMessage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/validation/BBBValidationRules.java:15:	Too many fields
src/com/bbb/framework/validation/BBBValidationRules.java:21:	Avoid excessively long variable names like alphaNumericPattern
src/com/bbb/framework/validation/BBBValidationRules.java:23:	Avoid excessively long variable names like nonPOBoxAddressPattern
src/com/bbb/framework/validation/BBBValidationRules.java:24:	Avoid excessively long variable names like addressLine1Pattern
src/com/bbb/framework/validation/BBBValidationRules.java:25:	Avoid excessively long variable names like addressLine2Pattern
src/com/bbb/framework/validation/BBBValidationRules.java:26:	Avoid excessively long variable names like companyNamePattern
src/com/bbb/framework/validation/BBBValidationRules.java:28:	Avoid excessively long variable names like numericOnlyPattern
src/com/bbb/framework/validation/BBBValidationRules.java:32:	Avoid excessively long variable names like crossSiteScriptingPattern
src/com/bbb/framework/validation/BBBValidationRules.java:34:	Avoid excessively long variable names like giftMessagePattern
src/com/bbb/framework/validation/BBBValidationRules.java:40:	Parameter 'giftMessagePatern' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/validation/BBBValidationRules.java:54:	Avoid excessively long variable names like crossSiteScriptingPattern
src/com/bbb/framework/validation/BBBValidationRules.java:54:	Parameter 'crossSiteScriptingPattern' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/validation/BBBValidationRules.java:68:	Parameter 'passwordPattern' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/validation/BBBValidationRules.java:97:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pAddressLine1Pattern
src/com/bbb/framework/validation/BBBValidationRules.java:97:	Parameter 'pAddressLine1Pattern' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/validation/BBBValidationRules.java:105:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pAddressLine2Pattern
src/com/bbb/framework/validation/BBBValidationRules.java:105:	Parameter 'pAddressLine2Pattern' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/validation/BBBValidationRules.java:113:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pCompanyNamePattern
src/com/bbb/framework/validation/BBBValidationRules.java:113:	Parameter 'pCompanyNamePattern' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/validation/BBBValidationRules.java:135:	Parameter 'pEmailPattern' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/validation/BBBValidationRules.java:143:	Parameter 'pPhonePattern' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/validation/BBBValidationRules.java:158:	Parameter 'pOrderPattern' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/validation/BBBValidationRules.java:173:	Avoid excessively long variable names like alphaNumericPattern
src/com/bbb/framework/validation/BBBValidationRules.java:173:	Parameter 'alphaNumericPattern' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/validation/BBBValidationRules.java:188:	Parameter 'pPhoneExtPattern' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/validation/BBBValidationRules.java:203:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pOnlyNumberPattern
src/com/bbb/framework/validation/BBBValidationRules.java:203:	Parameter 'pOnlyNumberPattern' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/validation/BBBValidationRules.java:218:	Parameter 'pCityNamePattern' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/validation/BBBValidationRules.java:233:	Avoid excessively long variable names like numericOnlyPattern
src/com/bbb/framework/validation/BBBValidationRules.java:233:	Parameter 'numericOnlyPattern' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/validation/BBBValidationRules.java:248:	Parameter 'namePattern' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/validation/BBBValidationRules.java:263:	Parameter 'zipCodePattern' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/validation/BBBValidationRules.java:277:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pNonPOBoxAddressPattern
src/com/bbb/framework/validation/BBBValidationRules.java:277:	Parameter 'pNonPOBoxAddressPattern' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/validation/BBBValidationRules.java:291:	Parameter 'nameOnCardPattern' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/webservices/BBBAPIConstants.java:14:	Avoid excessively long variable names like DEFAULT_WS_TIMEOUT
src/com/bbb/framework/webservices/BBBAPIConstants.java:14:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'DEFAULT_WS_TIMEOUT' is not final.
src/com/bbb/framework/webservices/BBBAPIConstants.java:14:	The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
src/com/bbb/framework/webservices/BBBAPIConstants.java:14:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'DEFAULT_WS_TIMEOUT' starts with uppercase character.
src/com/bbb/framework/webservices/BBBAPIConstants.java:20:	Avoid excessively long variable names like MSG_SERVICE_HANDLER
src/com/bbb/framework/webservices/BBBAPIConstants.java:21:	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/com/bbb/framework/webservices/BBBDozerBeanProvider.java:29:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mDozerMappingFiles
src/com/bbb/framework/webservices/BBBDozerBeanProvider.java:32:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pDozerMappingFiles
src/com/bbb/framework/webservices/BBBDozerBeanProvider.java:51:	Local variable 'mappingFiles' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/webservices/BBBDozerBeanProvider.java:60:	Parameter 'dozerMapper' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/webservices/BBBWebservicesConfig.java:22:	Avoid excessively long variable names like serviceToErrorCodeMap
src/com/bbb/framework/webservices/BBBWebservicesConfig.java:28:	Parameter 'serviceToWsdlMap' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/webservices/BBBWebservicesConfig.java:36:	Avoid excessively long variable names like serviceToErrorCodeMap
src/com/bbb/framework/webservices/BBBWebservicesConfig.java:36:	Parameter 'serviceToErrorCodeMap' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/webservices/BBBWebservicesConfig.java:50:	Parameter 'pCatalogTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/webservices/BBBWebservicesConfig.java:57:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'mStrEndPoint' (lines '57'-'60').
src/com/bbb/framework/webservices/BBBWebservicesConfig.java:57:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'mStrEndPoint' (lines '57'-'69').
src/com/bbb/framework/webservices/BBBWebservicesConfig.java:58:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/framework/webservices/BBBWebservicesConfig.java:65:	Local variable 'sysExc' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/webservices/BBBWebservicesConfig.java:85:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'mTimeOut' (lines '85'-'90').
src/com/bbb/framework/webservices/BBBWebservicesConfig.java:85:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'mTimeOut' (lines '85'-'103').
src/com/bbb/framework/webservices/BBBWebservicesConfig.java:86:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/framework/webservices/BBBWebservicesConfig.java:98:	Local variable 'sysExc' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/webservices/RequestMarshaller.java:49:	Parameter 'reqVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/webservices/RequestMarshaller.java:72:	Parameter 'pDozerBean' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/webservices/ResponseUnMarshaller.java:47:	Parameter 'faultDoc' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/webservices/ResponseUnMarshaller.java:52:	Local variable 'error' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/webservices/ResponseUnMarshaller.java:138:	Parameter 'pDozerBean' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/webservices/handlers/ServiceHandler.java:50:	The class 'ServiceHandler' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 25).
src/com/bbb/framework/webservices/handlers/ServiceHandler.java:59:	Avoid excessively long variable names like serviceMethodCache
src/com/bbb/framework/webservices/handlers/ServiceHandler.java:67:	Avoid excessively long variable names like bbbWebServicesConfig
src/com/bbb/framework/webservices/handlers/ServiceHandler.java:76:	Avoid excessively long variable names like bbbWebServicesConfig
src/com/bbb/framework/webservices/handlers/ServiceHandler.java:147:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'm' (lines '147'-'159').
src/com/bbb/framework/webservices/handlers/ServiceHandler.java:154:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'serviceMethod' (lines '154'-'175').
src/com/bbb/framework/webservices/handlers/ServiceHandler.java:158:	Avoid variables with short names like m
src/com/bbb/framework/webservices/handlers/ServiceHandler.java:158:	Local variable 'm' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/webservices/handlers/ServiceHandler.java:190:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/framework/webservices/handlers/ServiceHandler.java:190:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'advice' (lines '190'-'373').
src/com/bbb/framework/webservices/handlers/ServiceHandler.java:190:	The method 'invoke' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 25.
src/com/bbb/framework/webservices/handlers/ServiceHandler.java:190:	The method invoke() has an NCSS line count of 133
src/com/bbb/framework/webservices/handlers/ServiceHandler.java:190:	The method invoke() has an NPath complexity of 40830
src/com/bbb/framework/webservices/handlers/ServiceHandler.java:198:	The String literal "ServiceHandler-invoke:" appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 198
src/com/bbb/framework/webservices/handlers/ServiceHandler.java:201:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'marshaller' (lines '201'-'219').
src/com/bbb/framework/webservices/handlers/ServiceHandler.java:204:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'unmarshaller' (lines '204'-'223').
src/com/bbb/framework/webservices/handlers/ServiceHandler.java:207:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'serviceStub' (lines '207'-'256').
src/com/bbb/framework/webservices/handlers/ServiceHandler.java:209:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'voResp' (lines '209'-'473').
src/com/bbb/framework/webservices/handlers/ServiceHandler.java:214:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'responseDocument' (lines '214'-'381').
src/com/bbb/framework/webservices/handlers/ServiceHandler.java:214:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'responseDocument' (lines '214'-'473').
src/com/bbb/framework/webservices/handlers/ServiceHandler.java:215:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'requestDocument' (lines '215'-'226').
src/com/bbb/framework/webservices/handlers/ServiceHandler.java:216:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'header' (lines '216'-'233').
src/com/bbb/framework/webservices/handlers/ServiceHandler.java:238:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'endpoint' (lines '238'-'242').
src/com/bbb/framework/webservices/handlers/ServiceHandler.java:239:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/framework/webservices/handlers/ServiceHandler.java:246:	The String literal "  - value not found" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 246
src/com/bbb/framework/webservices/handlers/ServiceHandler.java:263:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'params' (lines '263'-'268').
src/com/bbb/framework/webservices/handlers/ServiceHandler.java:263:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'params' (lines '263'-'270').
src/com/bbb/framework/webservices/handlers/ServiceHandler.java:268:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'params' (lines '268'-'473').
src/com/bbb/framework/webservices/handlers/ServiceHandler.java:278:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'timeout' (lines '278'-'281').
src/com/bbb/framework/webservices/handlers/ServiceHandler.java:278:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'timeout' (lines '278'-'473').
src/com/bbb/framework/webservices/handlers/ServiceHandler.java:279:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/framework/webservices/handlers/ServiceHandler.java:299:	Local variable 'authScheme' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/webservices/handlers/ServiceHandler.java:301:	Local variable 'authenticator' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/webservices/handlers/ServiceHandler.java:306:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/framework/webservices/handlers/ServiceHandler.java:325:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/framework/webservices/handlers/ServiceHandler.java:365:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'gregorianCalendar' (lines '365'-'473').
src/com/bbb/framework/webservices/handlers/ServiceHandler.java:365:	Local variable 'gregorianCalendar' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/webservices/handlers/ServiceHandler.java:366:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'startTime' (lines '366'-'380').
src/com/bbb/framework/webservices/handlers/ServiceHandler.java:366:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'timeTaken' (lines '366'-'392').
src/com/bbb/framework/webservices/handlers/ServiceHandler.java:366:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'timeTaken' (lines '366'-'473').
src/com/bbb/framework/webservices/handlers/ServiceHandler.java:372:	Local variable 'advice' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/webservices/handlers/ServiceHandler.java:380:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'startTime' (lines '380'-'473').
src/com/bbb/framework/webservices/handlers/ServiceHandler.java:402:	Local variable 'advice' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/webservices/handlers/ServiceHandler.java:411:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'timeTaken' (lines '411'-'473').
src/com/bbb/framework/webservices/handlers/ServiceHandler.java:417:	Local variable 'advice' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/webservices/handlers/ServiceHandler.java:430:	Local variable 'errorCode' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/webservices/handlers/ServiceHandler.java:437:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/framework/webservices/handlers/ServiceHandler.java:438:	Local variable 'resVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/webservices/handlers/ServiceHandler.java:456:	Local variable 'errorCode' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/webservices/handlers/ServiceHandlerFactory.java:37:	The class 'ServiceHandlerFactory' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 2 (Highest = 14).
src/com/bbb/framework/webservices/handlers/ServiceHandlerFactory.java:39:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mConnectionManager
src/com/bbb/framework/webservices/handlers/ServiceHandlerFactory.java:44:	Avoid excessively long variable names like serviceMarshallerMap
src/com/bbb/framework/webservices/handlers/ServiceHandlerFactory.java:47:	Avoid excessively long variable names like serviceUnMarshallerMap
src/com/bbb/framework/webservices/handlers/ServiceHandlerFactory.java:50:	Avoid excessively long variable names like serviceEndpointMap
src/com/bbb/framework/webservices/handlers/ServiceHandlerFactory.java:58:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CONNECTION_TIME_OUT
src/com/bbb/framework/webservices/handlers/ServiceHandlerFactory.java:59:	Avoid excessively long variable names like MAX_TOTAL_CONNECTIONS
src/com/bbb/framework/webservices/handlers/ServiceHandlerFactory.java:60:	Avoid excessively long variable names like MAX_TOTAL_CONN_PER_HOST
src/com/bbb/framework/webservices/handlers/ServiceHandlerFactory.java:61:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CONNECTION_SO_TIME_OUT
src/com/bbb/framework/webservices/handlers/ServiceHandlerFactory.java:62:	Avoid excessively long variable names like HTTP_CONNECTION_ATTRIBS
src/com/bbb/framework/webservices/handlers/ServiceHandlerFactory.java:66:	Non-static initializers are confusing
src/com/bbb/framework/webservices/handlers/ServiceHandlerFactory.java:75:	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/com/bbb/framework/webservices/handlers/ServiceHandlerFactory.java:75:	Document empty constructor
src/com/bbb/framework/webservices/handlers/ServiceHandlerFactory.java:89:	Parameter 'pCatalogTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/webservices/handlers/ServiceHandlerFactory.java:96:	Parameter 'service' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/webservices/handlers/ServiceHandlerFactory.java:102:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'marshaller' (lines '102'-'104').
src/com/bbb/framework/webservices/handlers/ServiceHandlerFactory.java:102:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'marshaller' (lines '102'-'130').
src/com/bbb/framework/webservices/handlers/ServiceHandlerFactory.java:103:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/framework/webservices/handlers/ServiceHandlerFactory.java:108:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'marshallerClass' (lines '108'-'130').
src/com/bbb/framework/webservices/handlers/ServiceHandlerFactory.java:110:	Local variable 'sysExc' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/webservices/handlers/ServiceHandlerFactory.java:116:	Local variable 'sysExc' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/webservices/handlers/ServiceHandlerFactory.java:119:	Local variable 'sysExc' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/webservices/handlers/ServiceHandlerFactory.java:135:	Parameter 'service' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/webservices/handlers/ServiceHandlerFactory.java:140:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'unmarshaller' (lines '140'-'142').
src/com/bbb/framework/webservices/handlers/ServiceHandlerFactory.java:140:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'unmarshaller' (lines '140'-'167').
src/com/bbb/framework/webservices/handlers/ServiceHandlerFactory.java:146:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'unmarshallerClass' (lines '146'-'167').
src/com/bbb/framework/webservices/handlers/ServiceHandlerFactory.java:148:	Local variable 'sysExc' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/webservices/handlers/ServiceHandlerFactory.java:154:	Local variable 'sysExc' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/webservices/handlers/ServiceHandlerFactory.java:157:	Local variable 'sysExc' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/webservices/handlers/ServiceHandlerFactory.java:172:	Parameter 'endpoint' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/webservices/handlers/ServiceHandlerFactory.java:172:	Parameter 'service' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/webservices/handlers/ServiceHandlerFactory.java:172:	The method 'getServiceStub' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 14.
src/com/bbb/framework/webservices/handlers/ServiceHandlerFactory.java:177:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'serviceStub' (lines '177'-'245').
src/com/bbb/framework/webservices/handlers/ServiceHandlerFactory.java:178:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'serviceObj' (lines '178'-'181').
src/com/bbb/framework/webservices/handlers/ServiceHandlerFactory.java:178:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'serviceObj' (lines '178'-'245').
src/com/bbb/framework/webservices/handlers/ServiceHandlerFactory.java:186:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/framework/webservices/handlers/ServiceHandlerFactory.java:188:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'serviceStubClass' (lines '188'-'245').
src/com/bbb/framework/webservices/handlers/ServiceHandlerFactory.java:190:	Local variable 'sysExc' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/webservices/handlers/ServiceHandlerFactory.java:194:	Local variable 'sysExc' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/webservices/handlers/ServiceHandlerFactory.java:198:	Local variable 'sysExc' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/webservices/handlers/ServiceHandlerFactory.java:201:	Local variable 'sysExc' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/webservices/handlers/ServiceHandlerFactory.java:207:	Avoid excessively long variable names like serviceConstructor
src/com/bbb/framework/webservices/handlers/ServiceHandlerFactory.java:207:	Local variable 'serviceConstructor' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/webservices/handlers/ServiceHandlerFactory.java:213:	Local variable 'httpClient' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/webservices/handlers/ServiceHandlerFactory.java:262:	Avoid excessively long variable names like maxTotalConnections
src/com/bbb/framework/webservices/handlers/ServiceHandlerFactory.java:264:	Avoid excessively long variable names like maxHostConnectionsPerHost
src/com/bbb/framework/webservices/handlers/ServiceHandlerFactory.java:266:	Avoid excessively long variable names like connectionSOTimeout
src/com/bbb/framework/webservices/handlers/ServiceHandlerFactory.java:295:	Parameter 'service' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/webservices/handlers/ServiceHandlerFactory.java:296:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/framework/webservices/handlers/ServiceHandlerFactory.java:308:	Avoid excessively long variable names like serviceMarshallerMap
src/com/bbb/framework/webservices/handlers/ServiceHandlerFactory.java:326:	Avoid excessively long variable names like serviceUnMarshallerMap
src/com/bbb/framework/webservices/handlers/ServiceHandlerFactory.java:344:	Avoid excessively long variable names like serviceEndpointMap
src/com/bbb/framework/webservices/handlers/ServiceHandlerFactory.java:344:	Parameter 'serviceEndpointMap' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/webservices/handlers/ServiceHandlerFactory.java:363:	Parameter 'unmarshallerCache' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/webservices/handlers/ServiceHandlerFactory.java:381:	Parameter 'marshallerCache' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/webservices/handlers/ServiceHandlerInfoLogAdvice.java:50:	Parameter 'status' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/webservices/handlers/ServiceHandlerInfoLogAdvice.java:50:	Parameter 'timeTaken' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/webservices/handlers/ServiceHandlerInfoLogAdvice.java:70:	Parameter 'status' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/webservices/handlers/ServiceHandlerInfoLogAdvice.java:70:	Parameter 'timeTaken' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/webservices/handlers/ServiceHandlerPerformanceLogAdvice.java:44:	Local variable 'perfLogName' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/webservices/handlers/ServiceHandlerPerformanceLogAdvice.java:59:	Local variable 'perfLogName' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/webservices/handlers/ServiceHandlerPerformanceLogAdvice.java:74:	Local variable 'perfLogName' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/webservices/handlers/ServiceHandlerPerformanceLogAdvice.java:84:	Parameter 'status' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/webservices/handlers/ServiceHandlerPerformanceLogAdvice.java:84:	Parameter 'timeTaken' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/webservices/handlers/ServiceHandlerPerformanceLogAdvice.java:91:	Parameter 'status' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/webservices/handlers/ServiceHandlerPerformanceLogAdvice.java:91:	Parameter 'timeTaken' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/webservices/vo/ErrorStatus.java:43:	Parameter 'pErrorExists' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/webservices/vo/ErrorStatus.java:55:	Parameter 'pErrorMessage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/webservices/vo/ErrorStatus.java:67:	Parameter 'pDisplayMessage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/webservices/vo/ErrorStatus.java:79:	Parameter 'pErrorId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/webservices/vo/ErrorStatus.java:91:	Parameter 'pValidationErrors' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/webservices/vo/ValidationError.java:21:	Parameter 'pKey' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/framework/webservices/vo/ValidationError.java:33:	Parameter 'pValue' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/logging/BBBATGFileLogger.java:14:	Parameter 'pLogArchivePath' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/logging/BBBATGFileLogger.java:15:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/logging/BBBATGFileLogger.java:19:	Parameter 'pLogFilePath' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/logging/BBBATGFileLogger.java:20:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/logging/BBBJTSQLTableLogger.java:9:	Overriding method merely calls super
src/com/bbb/logging/BBBJTSQLTableLogger.java:9:	Parameter 'pLogEvent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/logging/BBBJTSQLTableLogger.java:15:	Overriding method merely calls super
src/com/bbb/logging/BBBJTSQLTableLogger.java:15:	Parameter 'pDataItem' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/logging/BBBLogListenerQueue.java:19:	The class 'BBBLogListenerQueue' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 6 (Highest = 23).
src/com/bbb/logging/BBBLogListenerQueue.java:25:	Parameter 'pLogEvent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/logging/BBBLogListenerQueue.java:25:	The method 'logEvent' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 23.
src/com/bbb/logging/BBBLogListenerQueue.java:25:	The method logEvent() has an NPath complexity of 303
src/com/bbb/logging/BBBLogListenerQueue.java:26:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'logEvent' (lines '26'-'47').
src/com/bbb/logging/BBBLogListenerQueue.java:26:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'logEvent' (lines '26'-'49').
src/com/bbb/logging/BBBLogListenerQueue.java:26:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'logEvent' (lines '26'-'51').
src/com/bbb/logging/BBBLogListenerQueue.java:26:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'logEvent' (lines '26'-'53').
src/com/bbb/logging/BBBLogListenerQueue.java:26:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'logEvent' (lines '26'-'55').
src/com/bbb/logging/BBBLogListenerQueue.java:26:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'logEvent' (lines '26'-'79').
src/com/bbb/logging/BBBLogListenerQueue.java:26:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'logEvent' (lines '26'-'82').
src/com/bbb/logging/BBBLogListenerQueue.java:26:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'logEvent' (lines '26'-'85').
src/com/bbb/logging/BBBLogListenerQueue.java:26:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'logEvent' (lines '26'-'88').
src/com/bbb/logging/BBBLogListenerQueue.java:26:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'logEvent' (lines '26'-'91').
src/com/bbb/logging/BBBLogListenerQueue.java:26:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'logEvent' (lines '26'-'96').
src/com/bbb/logging/BBBLogListenerQueue.java:29:	Local variable 'originator' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/logging/BBBLogListenerQueue.java:30:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/logging/BBBLogListenerQueue.java:31:	Local variable 'pReq' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/logging/BBBLogListenerQueue.java:41:	Local variable 'pPersLogEvent' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/logging/BBBLogListenerQueue.java:58:	Local variable 'originator' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/logging/BBBLogListenerQueue.java:59:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/logging/BBBLogListenerQueue.java:64:	Local variable 'jSessionId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/logging/BBBLogListenerQueue.java:67:	Local variable 'index' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/logging/BBBLogListenerQueue.java:102:	Parameter 'prefixThreadName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/logging/BBBLogListenerQueue.java:116:	Parameter 'mPrefixJSessionId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/logging/BBBPrintStreamLogger.java:15:	Parameter 'pLogEvent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/logging/BBBPrintStreamLogger.java:16:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'logEvent' (lines '16'-'24').
src/com/bbb/logging/BBBPrintStreamLogger.java:16:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'logEvent' (lines '16'-'26').
src/com/bbb/logging/BBBPrintStreamLogger.java:16:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'logEvent' (lines '16'-'28').
src/com/bbb/logging/BBBPrintStreamLogger.java:16:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'logEvent' (lines '16'-'30').
src/com/bbb/logging/BBBPrintStreamLogger.java:16:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'logEvent' (lines '16'-'32').
src/com/bbb/logging/BBBPrintStreamLogger.java:18:	Local variable 'originator' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/logging/BBBPrintStreamLogger.java:19:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/logging/BBBPrintStreamLogger.java:42:	Parameter 'prefixThreadName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/logging/LogMessageFormatter.java:60:	Parameter 'pRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/logging/LogMessageFormatter.java:62:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/logging/LogMessageFormatter.java:77:	Parameter 'pMessageKey' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/logging/LogMessageFormatter.java:77:	Parameter 'pRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/logging/LogMessageFormatter.java:81:	Local variable 'results' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/logging/LogMessageFormatter.java:99:	Parameter 'pMessageKey' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/logging/LogMessageFormatter.java:99:	Parameter 'pRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/logging/LogMessageFormatter.java:100:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'msgResource' (lines '100'-'110').
src/com/bbb/logging/LogMessageFormatter.java:101:	Local variable 'messageString' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/logging/LogMessageFormatter.java:103:	Local variable 'user' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/logging/LogMessageFormatter.java:125:	Parameter 'key' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/logging/LogMessageFormatter.java:125:	Parameter 'pMessageKey' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/logging/LogMessageFormatter.java:125:	Parameter 'pRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/logging/LogMessageFormatter.java:126:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'msgResource' (lines '126'-'137').
src/com/bbb/logging/LogMessageFormatter.java:127:	Local variable 'messageString' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/logging/LogMessageFormatter.java:128:	Avoid concatenating nonliterals in a StringBuffer/StringBuilder constructor or append().
src/com/bbb/logging/LogMessageFormatter.java:130:	Local variable 'user' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/logging/NetworkInfoDroplet.java:42:	Parameter 'enable' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/logging/NetworkInfoDroplet.java:54:	Local variable 'fullSessionID' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/logging/NetworkInfoDroplet.java:55:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'sessionID' (lines '55'-'59').
src/com/bbb/logging/NetworkInfoDroplet.java:55:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'sessionID' (lines '55'-'62').
src/com/bbb/logging/NetworkInfoDroplet.java:83:	Parameter 'locale' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/logging/NetworkInfoDroplet.java:86:	Local variable 'cal' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/logging/NetworkInfoDroplet.java:89:	Avoid variables with short names like df
src/com/bbb/logging/NetworkInfoDroplet.java:89:	Local variable 'df' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/logging/NetworkInfoDroplet.java:93:	Local variable 'dayInfo' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/order/bean/BBBCommerceItem.java:30:	Avoid excessively long variable names like FREE_SHIPPING_METHOD
src/com/bbb/order/bean/BBBCommerceItem.java:47:	Avoid excessively long variable names like LAST_MODIFIED_DATE
src/com/bbb/order/bean/BBBCommerceItem.java:81:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mCommerceItemMoved
src/com/bbb/order/bean/BBBCommerceItem.java:118:	Parameter 'pMsgShownFlagOff' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/order/bean/BBBCommerceItem.java:134:	Parameter 'pSeqNumber' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/order/bean/BBBCommerceItem.java:146:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pCommerceItemMoved
src/com/bbb/order/bean/BBBCommerceItem.java:166:	Parameter 'prevPrice' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/order/bean/BBBCommerceItem.java:180:	Parameter 'pItemMoved' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/order/bean/BBBCommerceItem.java:198:	Parameter 'vdcInd' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/order/bean/BBBCommerceItem.java:205:	A getX() method which returns a boolean should be named isX()
src/com/bbb/order/bean/BBBCommerceItem.java:215:	Parameter 'bts' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/order/bean/BBBCommerceItem.java:230:	Avoid excessively long variable names like freeShippingMethod
src/com/bbb/order/bean/BBBCommerceItem.java:230:	Parameter 'freeShippingMethod' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/order/bean/BBBCommerceItem.java:244:	Parameter 'registryId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/order/bean/BBBCommerceItem.java:258:	Parameter 'registryInfo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/order/bean/BBBCommerceItem.java:273:	Parameter 'pLastModifiedDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/order/bean/BBBCommerceItem.java:281:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/order/bean/BBBCommerceItem.java:291:	Parameter 'skuSurcharge' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/order/bean/BBBCommerceItem.java:297:	A getX() method which returns a boolean should be named isX()
src/com/bbb/order/bean/BBBCommerceItem.java:304:	Parameter 'pIsEcoFeeEligible' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/order/bean/BBBCommerceItem.java:312:	Parameter 'pStoreSKU' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/order/bean/BBBCommerceItem.java:318:	Local variable 'builder' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/order/bean/BBBCommerceItem.java:318:	StringBuffer constructor is initialized with size 16, but has at least 615 characters appended.
src/com/bbb/order/bean/BBBCommerceItem.java:351:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/order/bean/BBBItemPriceInfo.java:36:	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/com/bbb/order/bean/BBBItemPriceInfo.java:55:	Parameter 'shipTaxMap' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/order/bean/BBBOrderPriceInfo.java:21:	Avoid excessively long variable names like restoreAdjustments
src/com/bbb/order/bean/BBBOrderPriceInfo.java:29:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mDollarOffPromoCount
src/com/bbb/order/bean/BBBOrderPriceInfo.java:31:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mPromotionThresholdApplied
src/com/bbb/order/bean/BBBOrderPriceInfo.java:47:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mPromotionThresholdApplied
src/com/bbb/order/bean/BBBOrderPriceInfo.java:47:	Parameter 'mPromotionThresholdApplied' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/order/bean/BBBOrderPriceInfo.java:57:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mDollarOffPromoCount
src/com/bbb/order/bean/BBBOrderPriceInfo.java:57:	Parameter 'mDollarOffPromoCount' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/order/bean/BBBOrderPriceInfo.java:67:	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/com/bbb/order/bean/BBBOrderPriceInfo.java:84:	Parameter 'onlineSubtotal' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/order/bean/BBBOrderPriceInfo.java:100:	Parameter 'storeSubtotal' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/order/bean/BBBOrderPriceInfo.java:116:	Parameter 'ecoFee' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/order/bean/BBBOrderPriceInfo.java:126:	Parameter 'giftWrapSubtotal' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/order/bean/BBBOrderPriceInfo.java:136:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pRestoreAdjustments
src/com/bbb/order/bean/BBBOrderPriceInfo.java:136:	Parameter 'pRestoreAdjustments' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/order/bean/BBBShippingPriceInfo.java:48:	Parameter 'surcharge' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/order/bean/BBBShippingPriceInfo.java:62:	Parameter 'finalSurcharge' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/order/bean/BBBShippingPriceInfo.java:76:	Parameter 'finalShipping' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/order/bean/BBBShippingPriceInfo.java:81:	Local variable 'buf' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/order/bean/BBBShippingPriceInfo.java:81:	StringBuffer constructor is initialized with size 16, but has at least 45 characters appended.
src/com/bbb/order/bean/BBBShippingPriceInfo.java:82:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/com/bbb/order/bean/BBBShippingPriceInfo.java:83:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/com/bbb/order/bean/BBBShippingPriceInfo.java:84:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/com/bbb/order/bean/BBBShippingPriceInfo.java:93:	Parameter 'ecoFee' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/order/bean/BBBSkuInfoVO.java:26:	Parameter 'quantity' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/order/bean/BBBSkuInfoVO.java:38:	Parameter 'amount' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/order/bean/BBBSkuInfoVO.java:50:	Parameter 'siteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/order/bean/BBBSkuInfoVO.java:62:	Parameter 'frequency' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/order/bean/BBBSkuInfoVO.java:68:	Parameter 'totalAmount' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/order/bean/BBBSkuInfoVO.java:74:	Parameter 'skuId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/order/bean/BBBSkuInfoVO.java:80:	Parameter 'quntity' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/order/bean/BaseCommerceItemImpl.java:6:	The class 'BaseCommerceItemImpl' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 5 (Highest = 13).
src/com/bbb/order/bean/BaseCommerceItemImpl.java:19:	Parameter 'other' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/order/bean/BaseCommerceItemImpl.java:19:	The method 'compareTo' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 13.
src/com/bbb/order/bean/BaseCommerceItemImpl.java:19:	The method compareTo() has an NPath complexity of 256
src/com/bbb/order/bean/BaseCommerceItemImpl.java:31:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'thisAmount' (lines '31'-'33').
src/com/bbb/order/bean/BaseCommerceItemImpl.java:35:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'otherAmount' (lines '35'-'37').
src/com/bbb/order/bean/BaseCommerceItemImpl.java:58:	Parameter 'storeId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/order/bean/DateInfoVO.java:23:	Parameter 'startDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/order/bean/DateInfoVO.java:35:	Parameter 'endDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/order/bean/DateInfoVO.java:50:	Parameter 'lastStartDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/order/bean/DateInfoVO.java:62:	Parameter 'lastEndDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/order/bean/DateInfoVO.java:74:	Parameter 'isIncrement' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/order/bean/DateInfoVO.java:86:	Parameter 'isDecrement' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/order/bean/GiftWrapMsgBean.java:15:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/order/bean/GiftWrapMsgBean.java:22:	Parameter 'giftWrapMessage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/order/bean/GiftWrapMsgBean.java:26:	Parameter 'insert' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/order/bean/GiftWrapMsgBean.java:26:	Parameter 'text' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/order/bean/GiftWrapMsgBean.java:27:	Parameter 'period' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/order/bean/GiftWrapMsgBean.java:28:	Local variable 'builder' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/order/bean/GiftWrapMsgBean.java:32:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'prefix' (lines '32'-'43').
src/com/bbb/order/bean/GiftWrapMsgBean.java:37:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'prefix' (lines '37'-'43').
src/com/bbb/order/bean/SalesDataInfoVO.java:32:	Parameter 'rqlQueryWithRange' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/order/bean/SalesDataInfoVO.java:40:	A getX() method which returns a boolean should be named isX()
src/com/bbb/order/bean/SalesDataInfoVO.java:47:	Parameter 'isCleanUpData' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/order/bean/SalesDataInfoVO.java:59:	Parameter 'totalQueryCount' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/order/bean/SalesDataInfoVO.java:71:	Parameter 'orderStates' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/order/bean/SalesDataInfoVO.java:83:	Parameter 'rqlQuery' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/order/bean/SalesDataInfoVO.java:96:	Parameter 'queryCount' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/order/bean/SalesDataInfoVO.java:109:	Parameter 'batchSize' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/order/bean/SalesDataInfoVO.java:121:	Parameter 'startDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/order/bean/SalesDataInfoVO.java:133:	Parameter 'endDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/order/bean/SalesDataInfoVO.java:148:	Parameter 'lastStartDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/order/bean/SalesDataInfoVO.java:160:	Parameter 'lastEndDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/order/bean/SalesDataInfoVO.java:166:	A getX() method which returns a boolean should be named isX()
src/com/bbb/order/bean/SalesDataInfoVO.java:172:	Parameter 'isIncrement' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/order/bean/SalesDataInfoVO.java:178:	A getX() method which returns a boolean should be named isX()
src/com/bbb/order/bean/SalesDataInfoVO.java:184:	Parameter 'isDecrement' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/order/bean/TrackingInfo.java:8:	The class 'TrackingInfo' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 2 (Highest = 13).
src/com/bbb/order/bean/TrackingInfo.java:24:	Parameter 'pRepositoryItem' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/order/bean/TrackingInfo.java:61:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/order/bean/TrackingInfo.java:67:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '67'-'68').
src/com/bbb/order/bean/TrackingInfo.java:78:	Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/order/bean/TrackingInfo.java:78:	The method 'equals' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 13.
src/com/bbb/order/bean/TrackingInfo.java:78:	The method equals() has an NPath complexity of 512
src/com/bbb/order/bean/TrackingInfo.java:88:	Local variable 'other' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/payment/creditcard/BBBCreditCardInfo.java:17:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/payment/creditcard/BBBCreditCardInfo.java:22:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/payment/creditcard/BBBCreditCardInfo.java:27:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/payment/creditcard/BBBCreditCardInfo.java:32:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/payment/giftcard/BBBGiftCardInfo.java:14:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/payment/giftcard/BBBGiftCardInfo.java:15:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/payment/giftcard/BBBGiftCardInfo.java:16:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/payment/giftcard/GenericGiftCardInfo.java:20:	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/com/bbb/payment/giftcard/GenericGiftCardInfo.java:20:	Document empty constructor
src/com/bbb/payment/giftcard/GenericGiftCardInfo.java:95:	StringBuffer constructor is initialized with size 16, but has at least 98 characters appended.
src/com/bbb/payment/giftcard/GenericGiftCardInfo.java:99:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/payment/giftcard/GiftCardBalanceBean.java:14:	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/com/bbb/payment/giftcard/GiftCardBalanceBean.java:14:	Document empty constructor
src/com/bbb/payment/giftcard/GiftCardBalanceBean.java:38:	A getX() method which returns a boolean should be named isX()
src/com/bbb/payment/giftcard/GiftCardBeanInfo.java:24:	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/com/bbb/payment/giftcard/GiftCardBeanInfo.java:59:	A getX() method which returns a boolean should be named isX()
src/com/bbb/payment/giftcard/GiftCardBeanInfo.java:79:	A getX() method which returns a boolean should be named isX()
src/com/bbb/payment/giftcard/GiftCardBeanInfo.java:129:	A getX() method which returns a boolean should be named isX()
src/com/bbb/payment/giftcard/GiftCardBeanInfo.java:140:	StringBuffer constructor is initialized with size 16, but has at least 161 characters appended.
src/com/bbb/payment/giftcard/GiftCardBeanInfo.java:146:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/payment/giftcard/GiftCardProcessor.java:18:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/payment/giftcard/GiftCardProcessor.java:19:	Avoid excessively long variable names like giftcertificateinfo
src/com/bbb/payment/giftcard/GiftCardStatus.java:17:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/payment/giftcard/GiftCardStatus.java:22:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/payment/giftcard/GiftCardStatus.java:27:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/payment/giftcard/GiftCardStatus.java:32:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/payment/giftcard/GiftCardStatus.java:37:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/payment/giftcard/GiftCardStatusImpl.java:7:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.Date'
src/com/bbb/payment/giftcard/GiftCardStatusImpl.java:7:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.Date'
src/com/bbb/payment/giftcard/GiftCardStatusImpl.java:9:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.constants.BBBCheckoutConstants'
src/com/bbb/payment/giftcard/GiftCardStatusImpl.java:9:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.constants.BBBCheckoutConstants'
src/com/bbb/payment/giftcard/GiftCardStatusImpl.java:47:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/com/bbb/payment/giftcard/GiftCardStatusImpl.java:48:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/com/bbb/payment/giftcard/GiftCardStatusImpl.java:49:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/com/bbb/payment/giftcard/GiftCardStatusImpl.java:50:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/com/bbb/payment/giftcard/GiftCardStatusImpl.java:91:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pTransactionSuccess
src/com/bbb/payment/giftcard/GiftCardStatusImpl.java:91:	Parameter 'pErrorMsg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/payment/giftcard/GiftCardStatusImpl.java:91:	Parameter 'pTransactionId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/payment/giftcard/GiftCardStatusImpl.java:91:	Parameter 'pTransactionSuccess' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/payment/giftcard/GiftCardStatusImpl.java:92:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pGiftcertificateInfo
src/com/bbb/payment/giftcard/GiftCardStatusImpl.java:92:	Parameter 'pGiftCardBeanInfo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/payment/giftcard/GiftCardStatusImpl.java:92:	Parameter 'pGiftcertificateInfo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/payment/giftcard/GiftCardStatusImpl.java:114:	Parameter 'pAuthCode' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/payment/giftcard/GiftCardStatusImpl.java:130:	Parameter 'pTraceNumber' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/payment/giftcard/GiftCardStatusImpl.java:146:	Parameter 'pAuthRespCode' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/payment/giftcard/GiftCardStatusImpl.java:162:	Parameter 'pCardClass' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/payment/giftcard/GiftCardStatusImpl.java:176:	Parameter 'pPreviousBalance' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/repositorywrapper/CustomRepositoryException.java:11:	Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/repositorywrapper/CustomRepositoryException.java:15:	Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/repositorywrapper/CustomRepositoryException.java:21:	Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/repositorywrapper/CustomRepositoryException.java:21:	Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/repositorywrapper/ICreateRepositoryItemCallback.java:19:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/repositorywrapper/IRepositoryWrapper.java:21:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/repositorywrapper/IRepositoryWrapper.java:32:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/repositorywrapper/IRepositoryWrapper.java:43:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/repositorywrapper/IRepositoryWrapper.java:51:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/repositorywrapper/IRepositoryWrapper.java:60:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/repositorywrapper/IRepositoryWrapper.java:73:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/repositorywrapper/IRepositoryWrapper.java:76:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/repositorywrapper/IRepositoryWrapper.java:89:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/repositorywrapper/IRepositoryWrapper.java:101:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/repositorywrapper/IRepositoryWrapper.java:113:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/repositorywrapper/IRepositoryWrapper.java:116:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/repositorywrapper/RepositoryItemWrapper.java:20:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'wrapperName'.
src/com/bbb/repositorywrapper/RepositoryItemWrapper.java:20:	This final field could be made static
src/com/bbb/repositorywrapper/RepositoryItemWrapper.java:58:	The String literal "The original repository item of this wrapper is null." appears 13 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 58
src/com/bbb/repositorywrapper/RepositoryWrapperImpl.java:29:	Private field 'wrappedRepository' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/com/bbb/repositorywrapper/RepositoryWrapperImpl.java:58:	The String literal "The parameter \"descriptorName\" can not be empty." appears 8 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 58
src/com/bbb/repositorywrapper/RepositoryWrapperImpl.java:66:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'createdItem' (lines '66'-'68').
src/com/bbb/repositorywrapper/RepositoryWrapperImpl.java:101:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'item' (lines '101'-'103').
src/com/bbb/repositorywrapper/RepositoryWrapperImpl.java:103:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'item' (lines '103'-'119').
src/com/bbb/repositorywrapper/RepositoryWrapperImpl.java:106:	The String literal " and descriptor name is " appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 106
src/com/bbb/repositorywrapper/RepositoryWrapperImpl.java:114:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/repositorywrapper/RepositoryWrapperImpl.java:204:	The String literal "The parameter \"rql\" can not be empty." appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 204
src/com/bbb/repositorywrapper/RepositoryWrapperImpl.java:210:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'items' (lines '210'-'217').
src/com/bbb/repositorywrapper/RepositoryWrapperImpl.java:217:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'items' (lines '217'-'234').
src/com/bbb/repositorywrapper/RepositoryWrapperImpl.java:263:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'results' (lines '263'-'266').
src/com/bbb/repositorywrapper/RepositoryWrapperImpl.java:266:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/repositorywrapper/RepositoryWrapperImpl.java:266:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'results' (lines '266'-'266').
src/com/bbb/repositorywrapper/RepositoryWrapperImpl.java:344:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'items'
src/com/bbb/scheduler/BBBPurgeTools.java:28:	The class 'BBBPurgeTools' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 14).
src/com/bbb/scheduler/BBBPurgeTools.java:78:	Avoid excessively long variable names like purgeSchedulerItems
src/com/bbb/scheduler/BBBPurgeTools.java:78:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'purgeSchedulerItems' (lines '78'-'84').
src/com/bbb/scheduler/BBBPurgeTools.java:99:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'key' (lines '99'-'125').
src/com/bbb/scheduler/BBBPurgeTools.java:99:	The method 'findPurgeItems' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 14.
src/com/bbb/scheduler/BBBPurgeTools.java:99:	The method findPurgeItems() has an NPath complexity of 1296
src/com/bbb/scheduler/BBBPurgeTools.java:104:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'purgeParamMap' (lines '104'-'113').
src/com/bbb/scheduler/BBBPurgeTools.java:104:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'purgeParamMap' (lines '104'-'163').
src/com/bbb/scheduler/BBBPurgeTools.java:105:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'purgeItems' (lines '105'-'151').
src/com/bbb/scheduler/BBBPurgeTools.java:105:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'purgeItems' (lines '105'-'163').
src/com/bbb/scheduler/BBBPurgeTools.java:106:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'date' (lines '106'-'163').
src/com/bbb/scheduler/BBBPurgeTools.java:107:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'filterQuery' (lines '107'-'163').
src/com/bbb/scheduler/BBBPurgeTools.java:109:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'interval' (lines '109'-'163').
src/com/bbb/scheduler/BBBPurgeTools.java:110:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'itemDescriptor' (lines '110'-'163').
src/com/bbb/scheduler/BBBPurgeTools.java:112:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/scheduler/BBBPurgeTools.java:126:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/scheduler/BBBPurgeTools.java:126:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/scheduler/BBBPurgeTools.java:126:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/com/bbb/scheduler/BBBPurgeTools.java:126:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/com/bbb/scheduler/BBBPurgeTools.java:129:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/scheduler/BBBPurgeTools.java:137:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/scheduler/BBBPurgeTools.java:147:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'params' (lines '147'-'148').
src/com/bbb/scheduler/BBBPurgeTools.java:178:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'statement' (lines '178'-'183').
src/com/bbb/scheduler/BBBPurgeTools.java:178:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'statement' (lines '178'-'206').
src/com/bbb/scheduler/BBBPurgeTools.java:179:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'queryResult' (lines '179'-'189').
src/com/bbb/scheduler/BBBPurgeTools.java:180:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/scheduler/BBBPurgeTools.java:181:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/scheduler/BBBPurgeTools.java:191:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/com/bbb/scheduler/BBBPurgingScheduler.java:20:	The class 'BBBPurgingScheduler' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 2 (Highest = 18).
src/com/bbb/scheduler/BBBPurgingScheduler.java:26:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mTransactionManager
src/com/bbb/scheduler/BBBPurgingScheduler.java:28:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mMaxItemsPerTransaction
src/com/bbb/scheduler/BBBPurgingScheduler.java:45:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pMaxItemsPerTransaction
src/com/bbb/scheduler/BBBPurgingScheduler.java:45:	Parameter 'pMaxItemsPerTransaction' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/scheduler/BBBPurgingScheduler.java:59:	Parameter 'pPurgeTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/scheduler/BBBPurgingScheduler.java:75:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pTransactionManager
src/com/bbb/scheduler/BBBPurgingScheduler.java:75:	Parameter 'pTransactionManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/scheduler/BBBPurgingScheduler.java:91:	Parameter 'pJobDescription' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/scheduler/BBBPurgingScheduler.java:107:	Parameter 'pSchedule' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/scheduler/BBBPurgingScheduler.java:123:	Parameter 'pScheduler' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/scheduler/BBBPurgingScheduler.java:137:	Parameter 'pSchedulerEnabled' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/scheduler/BBBPurgingScheduler.java:147:	Parameter 'pScheduledjob' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/scheduler/BBBPurgingScheduler.java:147:	Parameter 'pScheduler' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/scheduler/BBBPurgingScheduler.java:155:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'purge' (lines '155'-'159').
src/com/bbb/scheduler/BBBPurgingScheduler.java:155:	Local variable 'purge' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/scheduler/BBBPurgingScheduler.java:164:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'item' (lines '164'-'179').
src/com/bbb/scheduler/BBBPurgingScheduler.java:164:	The method 'processPurge' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 18.
src/com/bbb/scheduler/BBBPurgingScheduler.java:164:	The method processPurge() has an NPath complexity of 208
src/com/bbb/scheduler/BBBPurgingScheduler.java:170:	Avoid variables with short names like td
src/com/bbb/scheduler/BBBPurgingScheduler.java:170:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'td' (lines '170'-'185').
src/com/bbb/scheduler/BBBPurgingScheduler.java:171:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'purgeItemsCount' (lines '171'-'191').
src/com/bbb/scheduler/BBBPurgingScheduler.java:171:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'purgeItemsCount' (lines '171'-'227').
src/com/bbb/scheduler/BBBPurgingScheduler.java:172:	Avoid excessively long variable names like purgeSchedulerItems
src/com/bbb/scheduler/BBBPurgingScheduler.java:172:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'purgeSchedulerItems' (lines '172'-'175').
src/com/bbb/scheduler/BBBPurgingScheduler.java:176:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/scheduler/BBBPurgingScheduler.java:177:	Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/scheduler/BBBPurgingScheduler.java:179:	Local variable 'purgeItems' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/scheduler/BBBPurgingScheduler.java:185:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/search/ISearch.java:19:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.commerce.catalog.vo.BrandVO'
src/com/bbb/search/ISearch.java:19:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.commerce.catalog.vo.BrandVO'
src/com/bbb/search/ISearch.java:71:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/search/ISearch.java:79:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/search/ISearch.java:88:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/search/ISearch.java:97:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/search/bean/query/SearchQuery.java:13:	Too many fields
src/com/bbb/search/bean/query/SearchQuery.java:25:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'mPriceRangeInfo'.
src/com/bbb/search/bean/query/SearchQuery.java:36:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mFromCategoryLanding
src/com/bbb/search/bean/query/SearchQuery.java:45:	Parameter 'mRedirected' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/search/bean/query/SearchQuery.java:62:	Parameter 'queryURL' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/search/bean/query/SearchQuery.java:68:	Parameter 'pFromCollege' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/search/bean/query/SearchQuery.java:81:	Parameter 'pFromBrandPage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/search/bean/query/SearchQuery.java:94:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pFromCategoryLanding
src/com/bbb/search/bean/query/SearchQuery.java:94:	Parameter 'pFromCategoryLanding' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/search/bean/query/SearchQuery.java:101:	Parameter 'pHeaderSearch' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/search/bean/query/SearchQuery.java:113:	Parameter 'keyWord' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/search/bean/query/SearchQuery.java:125:	Parameter 'sortCriteria' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/search/bean/query/SearchQuery.java:144:	Parameter 'pPageSize' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/search/bean/query/SearchQuery.java:150:	Parameter 'pPageNum' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/search/bean/query/SearchQuery.java:162:	Parameter 'pCatalogRef' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/search/bean/query/SearchQuery.java:174:	Parameter 'pQueryAssets' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/search/bean/query/SearchQuery.java:186:	Parameter 'pQueryFacets' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/search/bean/query/SearchQuery.java:199:	Parameter 'mSiteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/search/bean/query/SearchQuery.java:211:	Parameter 'pHostname' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/search/bean/query/SearchQuery.java:232:	Parameter 'sortString' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/search/bean/query/SortCriteria.java:25:	Parameter 'sortFieldName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/search/bean/query/SortCriteria.java:32:	Parameter 'pSortAscending' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/search/bean/result/Asset.java:63:	Parameter 'mQuery' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/search/bean/result/AutoSuggestVO.java:13:	Field isAutoPhrase has the same name as a method
src/com/bbb/search/bean/result/AutoSuggestVO.java:18:	Parameter 'dymSuggestions' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/search/bean/result/AutoSuggestVO.java:24:	Parameter 'spellCorrection' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/search/bean/result/AutoSuggestVO.java:30:	Parameter 'searchKey' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/search/bean/result/AutoSuggestVO.java:36:	Parameter 'searchMode' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/search/bean/result/AutoSuggestVO.java:42:	Parameter 'searchTerms' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/search/bean/result/AutoSuggestVO.java:48:	Parameter 'isAutoPhrase' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/search/bean/result/BBBProduct.java:1:	This class has a bunch of public methods and attributes
src/com/bbb/search/bean/result/BBBProduct.java:7:	Too many fields
src/com/bbb/search/bean/result/BBBProduct.java:50:	Parameter 'collectionFlag' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/search/bean/result/BBBProduct.java:58:	Parameter 'rollupFlag' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/search/bean/result/BBBProduct.java:66:	Parameter 'skuSet' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/search/bean/result/BBBProduct.java:93:	Parameter 'ratings' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/search/bean/result/BBBProduct.java:211:	Parameter 'videoId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/search/bean/result/BBBProduct.java:225:	Parameter 'guideId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/search/bean/result/BBBProduct.java:239:	Parameter 'guideTitle' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/search/bean/result/BBBProduct.java:253:	Parameter 'guideImage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/search/bean/result/BBBProduct.java:267:	Parameter 'guideAltText' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/search/bean/result/BBBProduct.java:281:	Parameter 'guideShortDesc' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/search/bean/result/BBBProduct.java:295:	Parameter 'othResCategory' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/search/bean/result/BBBProduct.java:309:	Parameter 'othResTitle' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/search/bean/result/BBBProduct.java:323:	Parameter 'othResLink' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/search/bean/result/BBBProduct.java:351:	Parameter 'attribute' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/search/bean/result/BBBProduct.java:359:	Parameter 'verticalImageURL' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/search/bean/result/BBBProduct.java:373:	Parameter 'colorSet' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/search/bean/result/BBBProductList.java:5:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.HashMap'
src/com/bbb/search/bean/result/BBBProductList.java:5:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.HashMap'
src/com/bbb/search/bean/result/BBBProductList.java:14:	Private field 'bbbProducts' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/com/bbb/search/bean/result/BBBProductList.java:43:	Parameter 'otherResults' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/search/bean/result/CategoryParentVO.java:15:	Avoid excessively long variable names like isPortraitEligible
src/com/bbb/search/bean/result/CategoryParentVO.java:16:	Avoid excessively long variable names like categoryRefinement
src/com/bbb/search/bean/result/CategoryParentVO.java:29:	Parameter 'phantomCategory' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/search/bean/result/CategoryParentVO.java:66:	Avoid excessively long variable names like categoryRefinement
src/com/bbb/search/bean/result/CategoryParentVO.java:78:	Parameter 'categoryTree' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/search/bean/result/CategoryParentVO.java:86:	Avoid excessively long variable names like isPortraitEligible
src/com/bbb/search/bean/result/CategoryParentVO.java:86:	Parameter 'isPortraitEligible' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/search/bean/result/CategoryRefinementVO.java:15:	Avoid excessively long variable names like isPortraitEligible
src/com/bbb/search/bean/result/CategoryRefinementVO.java:58:	Avoid excessively long variable names like isPortraitEligible
src/com/bbb/search/bean/result/CategoryRefinementVO.java:58:	Parameter 'isPortraitEligible' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/search/bean/result/CurrentDescriptorVO.java:36:	Parameter 'rootName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/search/bean/result/CurrentDescriptorVO.java:66:	Parameter 'categoryId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/search/bean/result/CurrentDescriptorVO.java:78:	Parameter 'rootCategoryId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/search/bean/result/FacetParentVO.java:7:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.ArrayList'
src/com/bbb/search/bean/result/FacetParentVO.java:7:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.ArrayList'
src/com/bbb/search/bean/result/FacetParentVO.java:20:	Field isMultiSelect has the same name as a method
src/com/bbb/search/bean/result/FacetQuery.java:29:	Parameter 'showPopularTerms' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/search/bean/result/FacetQuery.java:72:	Parameter 'mSiteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/search/bean/result/FacetQuery.java:86:	Parameter 'mCatalogId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/search/bean/result/FacetQueryResult.java:6:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.List'
src/com/bbb/search/bean/result/FacetQueryResult.java:6:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.List'
src/com/bbb/search/bean/result/FacetRefinementVO.java:74:	Parameter 'catalogId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/search/bean/result/PromoVO.java:21:	Parameter 'pBlurbPlp' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/search/bean/result/PromoVO.java:30:	Parameter 'pImageAlt' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/search/bean/result/PromoVO.java:33:	Parameter 'pLinkTarget' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/search/bean/result/PromoVO.java:39:	Parameter 'pCaption' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/search/bean/result/PromoVO.java:45:	Parameter 'pImageHeight' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/search/bean/result/PromoVO.java:51:	Parameter 'pImageWidth' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/search/bean/result/PromoVO.java:57:	Parameter 'pImageHref' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/search/bean/result/PromoVO.java:63:	Parameter 'pImageSrc' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/search/bean/result/PromoVO.java:69:	Parameter 'pSeoText' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/search/bean/result/SearchResults.java:116:	Parameter 'assetMap' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/search/bean/result/SearchResults.java:128:	Parameter 'promoMap' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/search/bean/result/SearchResults.java:135:	Parameter 'autoSuggest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/search/bean/result/SkuVO.java:4:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.Map'
src/com/bbb/search/bean/result/SkuVO.java:4:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.Map'
src/com/bbb/search/bean/result/SkuVO.java:5:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.SortedMap'
src/com/bbb/search/bean/result/SkuVO.java:5:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.SortedMap'
src/com/bbb/search/bean/result/SkuVO.java:17:	Avoid excessively long variable names like skuVerticalImageURL
src/com/bbb/search/bean/result/SkuVO.java:22:	Parameter 'skuID' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/search/bean/result/SkuVO.java:28:	Parameter 'skuDisplayName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/search/bean/result/SkuVO.java:34:	Parameter 'skuMedImageURL' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/search/bean/result/SkuVO.java:40:	Parameter 'skuSwatchImageURL' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/search/bean/result/SkuVO.java:46:	Parameter 'color' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/search/bean/result/SkuVO.java:52:	Parameter 'colorGroup' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/search/bean/result/SkuVO.java:58:	Parameter 'skuSize' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/search/bean/result/SkuVO.java:64:	Avoid excessively long variable names like skuVerticalImageURL
src/com/bbb/search/bean/result/SkuVO.java:64:	Parameter 'skuVerticalImageURL' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/search/bean/result/SortOptionVO.java:12:	Avoid excessively long variable names like defaultSortingOption
src/com/bbb/search/bean/result/SortOptionVO.java:23:	Avoid excessively long variable names like defaultSortingOption
src/com/bbb/search/bean/result/SortOptionVO.java:23:	Parameter 'defaultSortingOption' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/search/bean/result/SortOptionVO.java:35:	Parameter 'sortingOptions' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/search/bean/result/SortOptionsVO.java:20:	Parameter 'sortUrlParam' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/search/bean/result/SortOptionsVO.java:32:	Parameter 'sortCode' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/search/bean/result/SortOptionsVO.java:44:	Parameter 'sortValue' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/search/bean/result/SortOptionsVO.java:50:	Parameter 'ascending' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/search/vo/CategoryNavigationVO.java:3:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.List'
src/com/bbb/search/vo/CategoryNavigationVO.java:3:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.List'
src/com/bbb/search/vo/CategoryNavigationVO.java:26:	Parameter 'catgoryID' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/search/vo/CategoryNavigationVO.java:39:	Parameter 'categoryParent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/vo/BeddingShipAddrVO.java:3:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.Date'
src/com/bbb/selfservice/vo/BeddingShipAddrVO.java:3:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.Date'
src/com/bbb/selfservice/vo/BeddingShipAddrVO.java:5:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.commerce.catalog.vo.StateVO'
src/com/bbb/selfservice/vo/BeddingShipAddrVO.java:5:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.commerce.catalog.vo.StateVO'
src/com/bbb/selfservice/vo/BeddingShipAddrVO.java:21:	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/com/bbb/selfservice/vo/BeddingShipAddrVO.java:37:	Parameter 'pSchoolId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/vo/BeddingShipAddrVO.java:52:	Parameter 'pCompanyName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/vo/BeddingShipAddrVO.java:66:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pShippingStartDate
src/com/bbb/selfservice/vo/BeddingShipAddrVO.java:66:	Parameter 'pShippingStartDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/vo/BeddingShipAddrVO.java:81:	Parameter 'pShippingEndDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/vo/BeddingShipAddrVO.java:96:	Parameter 'pAddrLine1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/vo/BeddingShipAddrVO.java:110:	Parameter 'pAddrLine2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/vo/BeddingShipAddrVO.java:124:	Parameter 'pCity' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/vo/BeddingShipAddrVO.java:140:	Parameter 'pZip' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/vo/BeddingShipAddrVO.java:155:	Parameter 'pState' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/vo/ReferralVO.java:11:	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/com/bbb/selfservice/vo/ReferralVO.java:26:	Parameter 'pReferralUrl' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/vo/ReferralVO.java:40:	Parameter 'pReferralId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/vo/ReferralVO.java:54:	Parameter 'currentUrl' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/vo/ReferralVO.java:62:	Parameter 'referrerDomain' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/vo/SchoolVO.java:12:	Too many fields
src/com/bbb/selfservice/vo/SchoolVO.java:33:	Avoid excessively long variable names like promotionRepositoryItem
src/com/bbb/selfservice/vo/SchoolVO.java:35:	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/com/bbb/selfservice/vo/SchoolVO.java:50:	Parameter 'pSchoolId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/vo/SchoolVO.java:64:	Parameter 'pSchoolName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/vo/SchoolVO.java:78:	Parameter 'pSmallLogoURL' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/vo/SchoolVO.java:92:	Parameter 'pLargeLogoURL' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/vo/SchoolVO.java:106:	Parameter 'pSmallWelcomeMsg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/vo/SchoolVO.java:120:	Parameter 'pState' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/vo/SchoolVO.java:135:	Parameter 'pLargeWelcomeMsg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/vo/SchoolVO.java:151:	Parameter 'pAddrLine1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/vo/SchoolVO.java:165:	Parameter 'pAddrLine2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/vo/SchoolVO.java:179:	Parameter 'pCity' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/vo/SchoolVO.java:195:	Parameter 'pZip' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/vo/SchoolVO.java:209:	Parameter 'pImageURL' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/vo/SchoolVO.java:223:	Parameter 'pPrefStoreId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/vo/SchoolVO.java:237:	Parameter 'pPdfURL' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/vo/SchoolVO.java:251:	Parameter 'pCollegeTag' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/vo/SchoolVO.java:265:	Parameter 'pCollegeLogo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/vo/SchoolVO.java:279:	Parameter 'pCreationDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/vo/SchoolVO.java:293:	Parameter 'pLastModifiedDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/vo/SchoolVO.java:307:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pPromotionRepositoryItem
src/com/bbb/selfservice/vo/SchoolVO.java:307:	Parameter 'pPromotionRepositoryItem' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/vo/SchoolVO.java:315:	Parameter 'schoolSeoName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/seo/BBBIndirectUrlTemplate.java:16:	Avoid excessively long variable names like listOfExcludedUrlsExpressions
src/com/bbb/seo/BBBIndirectUrlTemplate.java:19:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'exclusionExpression' (lines '19'-'38').
src/com/bbb/seo/BBBIndirectUrlTemplate.java:19:	Parameter 'pDefaultWebApp' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/seo/BBBIndirectUrlTemplate.java:19:	Parameter 'pUrlParams' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/seo/BBBIndirectUrlTemplate.java:21:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'formatUrl' (lines '21'-'31').
src/com/bbb/seo/BBBIndirectUrlTemplate.java:23:	Local variable 'length' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/seo/BBBIndirectUrlTemplate.java:26:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'decodedUrl' (lines '26'-'27').
src/com/bbb/seo/BBBIndirectUrlTemplate.java:33:	When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/com/bbb/seo/BBBIndirectUrlTemplate.java:37:	Avoid excessively long variable names like exclusionExpression
src/com/bbb/seo/BBBIndirectUrlTemplate.java:37:	Local variable 'exclusionExpression' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/seo/BBBIndirectUrlTemplate.java:38:	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/com/bbb/seo/BBBIndirectUrlTemplate.java:54:	Parameter 'displayName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/seo/BBBIndirectUrlTemplate.java:83:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/com/bbb/seo/BBBIndirectUrlTemplate.java:85:	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/com/bbb/seo/BBBIndirectUrlTemplate.java:106:	Parameter 'entities' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/seo/BBBIndirectUrlTemplate.java:129:	Avoid excessively long variable names like listOfExcludedUrlsExpressions
src/com/bbb/seo/BBBIndirectUrlTemplate.java:129:	Parameter 'listOfExcludedUrlsExpressions' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/seo/BBBMobileIndirectUrlTemplate.java:20:	The class 'BBBMobileIndirectUrlTemplate' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 23).
src/com/bbb/seo/BBBMobileIndirectUrlTemplate.java:22:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mMobileForwrdtemplateFormat
src/com/bbb/seo/BBBMobileIndirectUrlTemplate.java:29:	Parameter 'skuParamName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/seo/BBBMobileIndirectUrlTemplate.java:34:	Parameter 'arg0' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/seo/BBBMobileIndirectUrlTemplate.java:34:	Parameter 'arg1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/seo/BBBMobileIndirectUrlTemplate.java:34:	The method 'getForwardUrl' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 23.
src/com/bbb/seo/BBBMobileIndirectUrlTemplate.java:34:	The method getForwardUrl() has an NPath complexity of 833
src/com/bbb/seo/BBBMobileIndirectUrlTemplate.java:35:	Parameter 'arg2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/seo/BBBMobileIndirectUrlTemplate.java:35:	Parameter 'arg3' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/seo/BBBMobileIndirectUrlTemplate.java:37:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'finalUrl' (lines '37'-'52').
src/com/bbb/seo/BBBMobileIndirectUrlTemplate.java:37:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'finalUrl' (lines '37'-'56').
src/com/bbb/seo/BBBMobileIndirectUrlTemplate.java:37:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'finalUrl' (lines '37'-'59').
src/com/bbb/seo/BBBMobileIndirectUrlTemplate.java:37:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'finalUrl' (lines '37'-'64').
src/com/bbb/seo/BBBMobileIndirectUrlTemplate.java:37:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'finalUrl' (lines '37'-'127').
src/com/bbb/seo/BBBMobileIndirectUrlTemplate.java:41:	Local variable 'productId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/seo/BBBMobileIndirectUrlTemplate.java:48:	Local variable 'siteId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/seo/BBBMobileIndirectUrlTemplate.java:52:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'finalUrl' (lines '52'-'64').
src/com/bbb/seo/BBBMobileIndirectUrlTemplate.java:56:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'finalUrl' (lines '56'-'64').
src/com/bbb/seo/BBBMobileIndirectUrlTemplate.java:59:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'finalUrl' (lines '59'-'64').
src/com/bbb/seo/BBBMobileIndirectUrlTemplate.java:64:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/com/bbb/seo/BBBMobileIndirectUrlTemplate.java:73:	Local variable 'prodVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/seo/BBBMobileIndirectUrlTemplate.java:74:	Avoid excessively long variable names like collectionProductVO
src/com/bbb/seo/BBBMobileIndirectUrlTemplate.java:74:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'collectionProductVO' (lines '74'-'77').
src/com/bbb/seo/BBBMobileIndirectUrlTemplate.java:74:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'collectionProductVO' (lines '74'-'127').
src/com/bbb/seo/BBBMobileIndirectUrlTemplate.java:75:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/seo/BBBMobileIndirectUrlTemplate.java:81:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/com/bbb/seo/BBBMobileIndirectUrlTemplate.java:86:	Avoid variables with short names like it
src/com/bbb/seo/BBBMobileIndirectUrlTemplate.java:86:	Local variable 'it' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/seo/BBBMobileIndirectUrlTemplate.java:87:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'childProdVO' (lines '87'-'90').
src/com/bbb/seo/BBBMobileIndirectUrlTemplate.java:87:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'childProdVO' (lines '87'-'127').
src/com/bbb/seo/BBBMobileIndirectUrlTemplate.java:92:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/com/bbb/seo/BBBMobileIndirectUrlTemplate.java:100:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/com/bbb/seo/BBBMobileIndirectUrlTemplate.java:102:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/com/bbb/seo/BBBMobileIndirectUrlTemplate.java:108:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'finalUrl' (lines '108'-'127').
src/com/bbb/seo/BBBMobileIndirectUrlTemplate.java:112:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'finalUrl' (lines '112'-'127').
src/com/bbb/seo/BBBMobileIndirectUrlTemplate.java:115:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'finalUrl' (lines '115'-'127').
src/com/bbb/seo/BBBMobileIndirectUrlTemplate.java:130:	Parameter 'pDefaultWebApp' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/seo/BBBMobileIndirectUrlTemplate.java:130:	Parameter 'pUrlParams' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/seo/BBBMobileIndirectUrlTemplate.java:139:	Parameter 'pCatalogTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/seo/BBBMobileIndirectUrlTemplate.java:147:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pMobileForwrdtemplateFormat
src/com/bbb/seo/BBBMobileIndirectUrlTemplate.java:147:	Parameter 'pMobileForwrdtemplateFormat' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/seo/BBBThirdPartyIndirectUrlTemplate.java:14:	The class 'BBBThirdPartyIndirectUrlTemplate' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 17).
src/com/bbb/seo/BBBThirdPartyIndirectUrlTemplate.java:15:	Avoid excessively long variable names like AMPERSAND_HTML_CODE
src/com/bbb/seo/BBBThirdPartyIndirectUrlTemplate.java:18:	Avoid excessively long variable names like listOfEscapeCharecters
src/com/bbb/seo/BBBThirdPartyIndirectUrlTemplate.java:19:	Parameter 'pDefaultWebApp' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/seo/BBBThirdPartyIndirectUrlTemplate.java:19:	Parameter 'pUrlParams' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/seo/BBBThirdPartyIndirectUrlTemplate.java:19:	The method 'formatUrl' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 17.
src/com/bbb/seo/BBBThirdPartyIndirectUrlTemplate.java:19:	The method formatUrl() has an NPath complexity of 458
src/com/bbb/seo/BBBThirdPartyIndirectUrlTemplate.java:21:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'formatUrl' (lines '21'-'36').
src/com/bbb/seo/BBBThirdPartyIndirectUrlTemplate.java:23:	Local variable 'length' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/seo/BBBThirdPartyIndirectUrlTemplate.java:26:	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/com/bbb/seo/BBBThirdPartyIndirectUrlTemplate.java:29:	Local variable 'decodedUrl' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/seo/BBBThirdPartyIndirectUrlTemplate.java:30:	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/com/bbb/seo/BBBThirdPartyIndirectUrlTemplate.java:46:	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/com/bbb/seo/BBBThirdPartyIndirectUrlTemplate.java:50:	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/com/bbb/seo/BBBThirdPartyIndirectUrlTemplate.java:53:	Local variable 'iterator' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/seo/BBBThirdPartyIndirectUrlTemplate.java:56:	Local variable 'mapEntry' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/seo/BBBThirdPartyIndirectUrlTemplate.java:71:	When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/com/bbb/seo/BBBThirdPartyIndirectUrlTemplate.java:80:	Parameter 'escapeCharecters' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/seo/BBBThirdPartyIndirectUrlTemplate.java:86:	Avoid excessively long variable names like listOfEscapeCharecters
src/com/bbb/seo/BBBThirdPartyIndirectUrlTemplate.java:86:	Parameter 'listOfEscapeCharecters' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/session/BBBMultiSiteComponentSessionmanager.java:21:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mEnableSessionSave
src/com/bbb/session/BBBMultiSiteComponentSessionmanager.java:23:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mEnableThreadTraceLogging
src/com/bbb/session/BBBMultiSiteComponentSessionmanager.java:29:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mEnableThreadTraceLogging
src/com/bbb/session/BBBMultiSiteComponentSessionmanager.java:29:	Parameter 'mEnableThreadTraceLogging' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/session/BBBMultiSiteComponentSessionmanager.java:37:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mEnableSessionSave
src/com/bbb/session/BBBMultiSiteComponentSessionmanager.java:37:	Parameter 'mEnableSessionSave' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/session/BBBMultiSiteComponentSessionmanager.java:42:	Parameter 'pRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/session/BBBMultiSiteComponentSessionmanager.java:95:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pBackingUpSessions
src/com/bbb/session/BBBMultiSiteComponentSessionmanager.java:95:	Parameter 'pBackingUpSessions' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/session/BBBMultiSiteComponentSessionmanager.java:106:	Parameter 'operationName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/session/BBBMultiSiteComponentSessionmanager.java:109:	Local variable 'stArray' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/session/BBBMultiSiteComponentSessionmanager.java:112:	Local variable 'sbuffer' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/session/BBBMultiSiteComponentSessionmanager.java:116:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/session/BBBMultiSiteComponentSessionmanager.java:125:	Parameter 'pName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/session/BBBMultiSiteComponentSessionmanager.java:125:	Parameter 'pSession' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/session/BBBMultiSiteComponentSessionmanager.java:133:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/com/bbb/session/BBBMultiSiteComponentSessionmanager.java:133:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'id' (lines '133'-'136').
src/com/bbb/session/BBBMultiSiteComponentSessionmanager.java:135:	Local variable 'sess' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/session/BBBMultiSiteComponentSessionmanager.java:147:	Parameter 'pId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBConstants.java:28:	Avoid excessively long variable names like EVENT_SUFFIX_FB_CONNECTED
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBConstants.java:33:	Avoid excessively long variable names like EVENT_PROFILE_NOT_FOUND
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBConstants.java:38:	Avoid excessively long variable names like EVENT_BBB_PROFILE_EXIST_IN_SAME_SITE
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBConstants.java:43:	Avoid excessively long variable names like EVENT_BBB_PROFILE_EXIST_IN_SAME_SITE_GROUP
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBConstants.java:48:	Avoid excessively long variable names like EVENT_BBB_PROFILE_EXIST_ON_DIFFERENT_SITE_GROUP
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBConstants.java:53:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERROR_FETCH_FACEBOOK_PROFILE
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBConstants.java:63:	Avoid excessively long variable names like EVENT_FB_PROFILE_FOUND_NOT_LINKED_WITH_BBB_PROFILE
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBConstants.java:68:	Avoid excessively long variable names like FB_OPERATION_REMOVE
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBConstants.java:73:	Avoid excessively long variable names like FB_OPERATION_CREATE
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBConstants.java:78:	Avoid excessively long variable names like FB_OPERATION_UPDATE
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBConstants.java:88:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PARSE_FB_BASIC_INFO
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBConstants.java:98:	Avoid excessively long variable names like FB_ERROR_PARSE_BASIC_INFO
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBConstants.java:108:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PROFILE_LOOKUP_BASED_ON_FBACCOUNTID
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBConstants.java:113:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PROFILE_LOOKUP_BASED_ON_FBEMAILID
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBConstants.java:121:	Avoid excessively long variable names like FB_PAGE_ACCOUNT_OVERVIEW
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBConstants.java:126:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERROR_FB_UNEXPECTED
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBConstants.java:131:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PAGE_SECTION_LOGIN_REG
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBConstants.java:136:	Avoid excessively long variable names like EVENT_BBB_PROFILE_EXIST_IN_SAME_SITE_WITH_FB_CONNECT
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBConstants.java:141:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERROR_FB_ALREADY_LINKED
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBConstants.java:151:	Avoid excessively long variable names like EVENT_MIGRATED_USER
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileTools.java:23:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileTools.java:25:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileTools.java:27:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileTools.java:29:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pProfileRepository
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileTools.java:29:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileTools.java:37:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileTools.java:47:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileTools.java:58:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileTools.java:70:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mutableFbUserProfile
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileTools.java:70:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileTools.java:81:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mutableFbUserProfile
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileTools.java:81:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileTools.java:89:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileTools.java:98:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileTools.java:106:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileTools.java:114:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileTools.java:122:	Avoid excessively long variable names like userSiteAssociationMap
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileTools.java:122:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/PropertyManager.java:17:	Too many fields
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/PropertyManager.java:19:	Private field 'mIdPropertyName' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/PropertyManager.java:20:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mUserNamePropertyName
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/PropertyManager.java:20:	Private field 'mUserNamePropertyName' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/PropertyManager.java:21:	Private field 'mNamePropertyName' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/PropertyManager.java:22:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mFirstNamePropertyName
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/PropertyManager.java:22:	Private field 'mFirstNamePropertyName' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/PropertyManager.java:23:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mMiddleNamePropertyName
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/PropertyManager.java:23:	Private field 'mMiddleNamePropertyName' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/PropertyManager.java:24:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mLastNamePropertyName
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/PropertyManager.java:24:	Private field 'mLastNamePropertyName' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/PropertyManager.java:25:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mGenderPropertyName
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/PropertyManager.java:25:	Private field 'mGenderPropertyName' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/PropertyManager.java:26:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mVerifiedPropertyName
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/PropertyManager.java:26:	Private field 'mVerifiedPropertyName' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/PropertyManager.java:27:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mOfflineAccessTokenPropertyName
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/PropertyManager.java:27:	Private field 'mOfflineAccessTokenPropertyName' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/PropertyManager.java:28:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mTokenValidPropertyName
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/PropertyManager.java:28:	Private field 'mTokenValidPropertyName' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/PropertyManager.java:29:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mSchoolsPropertyName
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/PropertyManager.java:29:	Private field 'mSchoolsPropertyName' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/PropertyManager.java:30:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mSchoolIDPropertyName
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/PropertyManager.java:30:	Private field 'mSchoolIDPropertyName' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/PropertyManager.java:31:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mFriendsPropertyName
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/PropertyManager.java:31:	Private field 'mFriendsPropertyName' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/PropertyManager.java:32:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mBBBProfilePropertyName
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/PropertyManager.java:32:	Private field 'mBBBProfilePropertyName' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/PropertyManager.java:33:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mFacebookProfilePropertyName
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/PropertyManager.java:33:	Private field 'mFacebookProfilePropertyName' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/PropertyManager.java:34:	Private field 'mUserPropertyName' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/PropertyManager.java:35:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mFacebookUserPropertyName
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/PropertyManager.java:35:	Private field 'mFacebookUserPropertyName' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/PropertyManager.java:36:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mFacebookSchoolPropertyName
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/PropertyManager.java:36:	Private field 'mFacebookSchoolPropertyName' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/PropertyManager.java:41:	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/PropertyManager.java:49:	Parameter 'pItem' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/PropertyManager.java:49:	Parameter 'pPropertyName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/PropertyManager.java:57:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/PropertyManager.java:67:	Parameter 'pItemDescriptor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/PropertyManager.java:67:	Parameter 'pPropertyName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/PropertyManager.java:74:	Local variable 'propertyNames' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/PropertyManager.java:75:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'rid' (lines '75'-'86').
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/PropertyManager.java:80:	Avoid variables with short names like pd
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/PropertyManager.java:80:	Local variable 'pd' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/PropertyManager.java:82:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'rid' (lines '82'-'86').
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/api/FBResponseParser.java:26:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/api/FBResponseParser.java:36:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/api/FBResponseParserImpl.java:37:	Parameter 'pFbFriendJson' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/api/FBResponseParserImpl.java:47:	Parameter 'pFbBasicInfoJson' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/api/FBResponseParserImpl.java:49:	Local variable 'opName' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/api/FBResponseParserImpl.java:55:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'userVO' (lines '55'-'74').
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/api/FBResponseParserImpl.java:55:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'userVO' (lines '55'-'84').
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/api/FBResponseParserImpl.java:61:	Local variable 'gson' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/api/FBResponseParserImpl.java:63:	Local variable 'fbError' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/api/FBResponseParserImpl.java:64:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'fbErrorMessage' (lines '64'-'66').
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/api/FBResponseParserImpl.java:72:	Local variable 'fbUserVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/api/FBResponseParserImpl.java:90:	Parameter 'pFBUser' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/api/FBResponseParserImpl.java:90:	Parameter 'pUser' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/api/FBResponseParserImpl.java:92:	Local variable 'opName' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/api/FBResponseParserImpl.java:106:	Local variable 'fbEducations' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/api/FBResponseParserImpl.java:108:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'school' (lines '108'-'121').
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/api/FBResponseParserImpl.java:108:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'school' (lines '108'-'128').
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/api/FBResponseParserImpl.java:108:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'school' (lines '108'-'141').
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/api/FBResponseParserImpl.java:109:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'fbSchool' (lines '109'-'118').
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/api/FBResponseParserImpl.java:109:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'fbSchool' (lines '109'-'141').
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/api/FBResponseParserImpl.java:110:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'fbEducation' (lines '110'-'117').
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/api/FBResponseParserImpl.java:110:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'fbEducation' (lines '110'-'141').
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/api/FBResponseParserImpl.java:111:	Local variable 'newSchools' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/api/FBResponseParserImpl.java:114:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'schools' (lines '114'-'141').
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/api/FBResponseParserImpl.java:119:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'exists' (lines '119'-'124').
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/api/FBResponseParserImpl.java:120:	Local variable 'schoolIter' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/api/FBResponseParserImpl.java:124:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'exists' (lines '124'-'124').
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/api/FBResponseParserImpl.java:128:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/api/FBResponseParserImpl.java:146:	Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/api/FBResponseParserImpl.java:147:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'error' (lines '147'-'150').
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/api/vo/FBEducationVO.java:39:	Parameter 'type' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/api/vo/FBEducationVO.java:55:	Parameter 'with' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/api/vo/FBEducationVO.java:71:	Parameter 'school' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/api/vo/FBErrorVO.java:35:	Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/api/vo/FBErrorVO.java:51:	Parameter 'type' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/api/vo/FBFriendResponseVO.java:42:	Parameter 'friends' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/api/vo/FBFriendResponseVO.java:58:	Parameter 'paging' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/api/vo/FBFriendResponseVO.java:74:	Parameter 'error' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/api/vo/FBFriendVO.java:13:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/api/vo/FBFriendVO.java:32:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/api/vo/FBFriendVO.java:32:	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/api/vo/FBFriendVO.java:48:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/api/vo/FBPagingVO.java:27:	Parameter 'next' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/api/vo/FBRegisteredSiteVO.java:37:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/api/vo/FBRegisteredSiteVO.java:53:	Parameter 'appId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/api/vo/FBRegisteredSiteVO.java:69:	Parameter 'clientSecret' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/api/vo/FBSchoolVO.java:13:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/api/vo/FBSchoolVO.java:47:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/api/vo/FBSchoolVO.java:47:	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/api/vo/FBSchoolVO.java:63:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/api/vo/FBSchoolVO.java:79:	Parameter 'type' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/api/vo/FBSchoolVO.java:95:	Parameter 'year' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/api/vo/FBSchoolVO.java:111:	Parameter 'degree' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/api/vo/FBUserVO.java:18:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/api/vo/FBUserVO.java:61:	Avoid excessively long variable names like offlineAccessToken
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/api/vo/FBUserVO.java:84:	Parameter 'email' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/api/vo/FBUserVO.java:100:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/api/vo/FBUserVO.java:100:	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/api/vo/FBUserVO.java:116:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/api/vo/FBUserVO.java:132:	Parameter 'firstName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/api/vo/FBUserVO.java:148:	Parameter 'middleName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/api/vo/FBUserVO.java:164:	Parameter 'lastName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/api/vo/FBUserVO.java:180:	Parameter 'gender' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/api/vo/FBUserVO.java:196:	Parameter 'birthDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/api/vo/FBUserVO.java:212:	Avoid excessively long variable names like offlineAccessToken
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/api/vo/FBUserVO.java:212:	Parameter 'offlineAccessToken' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/api/vo/FBUserVO.java:228:	Parameter 'education' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/api/vo/FBUserVO.java:244:	Parameter 'verified' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/api/vo/FBWithVO.java:13:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/api/vo/FBWithVO.java:32:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/api/vo/FBWithVO.java:32:	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/api/vo/FBWithVO.java:48:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/vo/FriendVO.java:35:	Parameter 'pId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/vo/FriendVO.java:49:	Parameter 'pUserName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/vo/FriendVO.java:63:	Parameter 'pName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/vo/SchoolVO.java:36:	Parameter 'pId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/vo/SchoolVO.java:50:	Parameter 'pSchoolID' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/vo/SchoolVO.java:64:	Parameter 'pName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/vo/UserVO.java:61:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mOfflineAccessToken
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/vo/UserVO.java:93:	Parameter 'pEmail' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/vo/UserVO.java:107:	Parameter 'pID' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/vo/UserVO.java:128:	Parameter 'pUserName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/vo/UserVO.java:135:	Parameter 'pBBBUserID' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/vo/UserVO.java:149:	Parameter 'pName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/vo/UserVO.java:163:	Parameter 'pFirstName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/vo/UserVO.java:177:	Parameter 'pMiddleName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/vo/UserVO.java:191:	Parameter 'pLastName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/vo/UserVO.java:205:	Parameter 'pGender' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/vo/UserVO.java:219:	Parameter 'pVerified' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/vo/UserVO.java:233:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pOfflineAccessToken
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/vo/UserVO.java:233:	Parameter 'pOfflineAccessToken' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/vo/UserVO.java:247:	Parameter 'pTokenValid' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/vo/UserVO.java:261:	Parameter 'pSchools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/vo/UserVO.java:275:	Parameter 'pFriends' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/utils/BBBConfigRepoUtils.java:14:	All methods are static.  Consider using Singleton instead.  Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/com/bbb/utils/BBBConfigRepoUtils.java:17:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'bbbCatalogTools' is not all capitals.
src/com/bbb/utils/BBBConfigRepoUtils.java:22:	Parameter 'configType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/utils/BBBConfigRepoUtils.java:22:	Parameter 'key' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/utils/BBBConfigRepoUtils.java:23:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'value' (lines '23'-'27').
src/com/bbb/utils/BBBConfigRepoUtils.java:25:	Local variable 'config' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/utils/BBBConfigRepoUtils.java:26:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0) with calls to isEmpty()
src/com/bbb/utils/BBBConfigRepoUtils.java:36:	The String literal " and key:" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 36
src/com/bbb/utils/BBBConfigRepoUtils.java:36:	The String literal "BBBSystemException for ConfigType:" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 36
src/com/bbb/utils/BBBConfigRepoUtils.java:46:	Parameter 'configType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/utils/BBBConfigRepoUtils.java:46:	Parameter 'key' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/utils/BBBConfigRepoUtils.java:47:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'values' (lines '47'-'49').
src/com/bbb/utils/BBBConfigRepoUtils.java:67:	Parameter 'configType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/utils/BBBConfigRepoUtils.java:68:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'configMap' (lines '68'-'70').
src/com/bbb/utils/BBBLogBuildNumber.java:27:	Avoid excessively long variable names like BUILD_FROM_PREPEND
src/com/bbb/utils/BBBLogBuildNumber.java:29:	Avoid excessively long variable names like BUILD_DATE_PREPEND
src/com/bbb/utils/BBBLogBuildNumber.java:36:	Local variable 'buildProperty' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/utils/BBBLogBuildNumber.java:111:	Parameter 'enabled' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/utils/BBBLogBuildNumber.java:124:	Parameter 'versionFile' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/utils/BBBLogBuildNumber.java:137:	Parameter 'pSvnURLFile' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/utils/BBBLogBuildNumber.java:151:	Parameter 'svnBuildDateFile' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/utils/BBBLogBuildNumber.java:164:	Parameter 'svnTagNumberFile' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/utils/BBBLogBuildNumber.java:185:	Parameter 'versionNumber' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/utils/BBBLogBuildNumber.java:192:	Parameter 'buildDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/utils/BBBLogBuildNumber.java:206:	Parameter 'buildFrom' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/utils/BBBUtility.java:1:	A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
src/com/bbb/utils/BBBUtility.java:1:	This class has a bunch of public methods and attributes
src/com/bbb/utils/BBBUtility.java:48:	All methods are static.  Consider using Singleton instead.  Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/com/bbb/utils/BBBUtility.java:48:	Avoid really long classes.
src/com/bbb/utils/BBBUtility.java:48:	The class 'BBBUtility' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 17).
src/com/bbb/utils/BBBUtility.java:48:	This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/com/bbb/utils/BBBUtility.java:50:	Field ROUND has the same name as a method
src/com/bbb/utils/BBBUtility.java:52:	Avoid excessively long variable names like MAX_REGISTRY_LENGTH
src/com/bbb/utils/BBBUtility.java:60:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GREATER_THAN_SYMBOL
src/com/bbb/utils/BBBUtility.java:70:	Avoid excessively long variable names like EXPIRY_DATE_FORMAT
src/com/bbb/utils/BBBUtility.java:72:	Avoid excessively long variable names like MAX_GIFT_MESSAGE_LENGTH
src/com/bbb/utils/BBBUtility.java:79:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GREATER_THAN_PATTERN
src/com/bbb/utils/BBBUtility.java:81:	Avoid excessively long variable names like APOSTROPHE_PATTERN
src/com/bbb/utils/BBBUtility.java:112:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'validateStatus' (lines '112'-'119').
src/com/bbb/utils/BBBUtility.java:118:	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/com/bbb/utils/BBBUtility.java:118:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/com/bbb/utils/BBBUtility.java:160:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'finalDigit' (lines '160'-'165').
src/com/bbb/utils/BBBUtility.java:163:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'firstDigit' (lines '163'-'164').
src/com/bbb/utils/BBBUtility.java:176:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'maskedNumber' (lines '176'-'178').
src/com/bbb/utils/BBBUtility.java:206:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isStringMatch' (lines '206'-'210').
src/com/bbb/utils/BBBUtility.java:242:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'emailParts' (lines '242'-'256').
src/com/bbb/utils/BBBUtility.java:342:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'nonPOBoxAddress' (lines '342'-'349').
src/com/bbb/utils/BBBUtility.java:342:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'nonPOBoxAddress' (lines '342'-'357').
src/com/bbb/utils/BBBUtility.java:372:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/com/bbb/utils/BBBUtility.java:372:	This call to String.startsWith can be rewritten using String.charAt(0)
src/com/bbb/utils/BBBUtility.java:395:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/com/bbb/utils/BBBUtility.java:395:	This call to String.startsWith can be rewritten using String.charAt(0)
src/com/bbb/utils/BBBUtility.java:412:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'validateStatus' (lines '412'-'419').
src/com/bbb/utils/BBBUtility.java:412:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'validateStatus' (lines '412'-'422').
src/com/bbb/utils/BBBUtility.java:412:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'validateStatus' (lines '412'-'427').
src/com/bbb/utils/BBBUtility.java:412:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'validateStatus' (lines '412'-'431').
src/com/bbb/utils/BBBUtility.java:416:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/utils/BBBUtility.java:418:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/utils/BBBUtility.java:486:	When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/com/bbb/utils/BBBUtility.java:532:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'validateStatus' (lines '532'-'538').
src/com/bbb/utils/BBBUtility.java:532:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'validateStatus' (lines '532'-'542').
src/com/bbb/utils/BBBUtility.java:532:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'validateStatus' (lines '532'-'546').
src/com/bbb/utils/BBBUtility.java:536:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/utils/BBBUtility.java:556:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'validateStatus' (lines '556'-'561').
src/com/bbb/utils/BBBUtility.java:556:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'validateStatus' (lines '556'-'565').
src/com/bbb/utils/BBBUtility.java:573:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'validateStatus' (lines '573'-'580').
src/com/bbb/utils/BBBUtility.java:573:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'validateStatus' (lines '573'-'583').
src/com/bbb/utils/BBBUtility.java:573:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'validateStatus' (lines '573'-'588').
src/com/bbb/utils/BBBUtility.java:573:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'validateStatus' (lines '573'-'592').
src/com/bbb/utils/BBBUtility.java:577:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/utils/BBBUtility.java:579:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/utils/BBBUtility.java:633:	String.trim().length()==0 is an inefficient way to validate an empty String.
src/com/bbb/utils/BBBUtility.java:699:	Avoid excessively long variable names like xmlGregorianCalendar
src/com/bbb/utils/BBBUtility.java:699:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'xmlGregorianCalendar' (lines '699'-'704').
src/com/bbb/utils/BBBUtility.java:700:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'gCalendar' (lines '700'-'711').
src/com/bbb/utils/BBBUtility.java:704:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'xmlGregorianCalendar' (lines '704'-'711').
src/com/bbb/utils/BBBUtility.java:725:	Avoid excessively long variable names like isFileWriteSuccess
src/com/bbb/utils/BBBUtility.java:725:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isFileWriteSuccess' (lines '725'-'752').
src/com/bbb/utils/BBBUtility.java:725:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'isFileWriteSuccess' (lines '725'-'782').
src/com/bbb/utils/BBBUtility.java:726:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bufferedWriter' (lines '726'-'748').
src/com/bbb/utils/BBBUtility.java:726:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'bufferedWriter' (lines '726'-'782').
src/com/bbb/utils/BBBUtility.java:727:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'fileWriter' (lines '727'-'747').
src/com/bbb/utils/BBBUtility.java:727:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'fileWriter' (lines '727'-'782').
src/com/bbb/utils/BBBUtility.java:728:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'file' (lines '728'-'740').
src/com/bbb/utils/BBBUtility.java:728:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'file' (lines '728'-'782').
src/com/bbb/utils/BBBUtility.java:752:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'isFileWriteSuccess' (lines '752'-'782').
src/com/bbb/utils/BBBUtility.java:765:	A throw statement in a finally block makes the control flow hard to understand.
src/com/bbb/utils/BBBUtility.java:773:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/com/bbb/utils/BBBUtility.java:830:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'returnDate' (lines '830'-'839').
src/com/bbb/utils/BBBUtility.java:849:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'returnDate' (lines '849'-'860').
src/com/bbb/utils/BBBUtility.java:873:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'convertedDate' (lines '873'-'884').
src/com/bbb/utils/BBBUtility.java:897:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'convertedDate' (lines '897'-'908').
src/com/bbb/utils/BBBUtility.java:936:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'convertedDate' (lines '936'-'947').
src/com/bbb/utils/BBBUtility.java:971:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'refineFacetString' (lines '971'-'975').
src/com/bbb/utils/BBBUtility.java:971:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'refineFacetString' (lines '971'-'981').
src/com/bbb/utils/BBBUtility.java:1005:	Avoid excessively long variable names like encodeNurseryDecorTheme
src/com/bbb/utils/BBBUtility.java:1005:	Method names should not start with capital letters
src/com/bbb/utils/BBBUtility.java:1041:	Method names should not start with capital letters
src/com/bbb/utils/BBBUtility.java:1042:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '1,042'-'1,047').
src/com/bbb/utils/BBBUtility.java:1042:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '1,042'-'1,059').
src/com/bbb/utils/BBBUtility.java:1067:	Method names should not start with capital letters
src/com/bbb/utils/BBBUtility.java:1068:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'formatedCurrency' (lines '1,068'-'1,070').
src/com/bbb/utils/BBBUtility.java:1079:	The method 'addCookie' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 13.
src/com/bbb/utils/BBBUtility.java:1079:	The method addCookie() has an NPath complexity of 577
src/com/bbb/utils/BBBUtility.java:1080:	Avoid excessively long variable names like isHttpOnlyRequired
src/com/bbb/utils/BBBUtility.java:1088:	Avoid concatenating nonliterals in a StringBuffer/StringBuilder constructor or append().
src/com/bbb/utils/BBBUtility.java:1097:	Avoid concatenating nonliterals in a StringBuffer/StringBuilder constructor or append().
src/com/bbb/utils/BBBUtility.java:1107:	Avoid concatenating nonliterals in a StringBuffer/StringBuilder constructor or append().
src/com/bbb/utils/BBBUtility.java:1112:	Avoid concatenating nonliterals in a StringBuffer/StringBuilder constructor or append().
src/com/bbb/utils/BBBUtility.java:1115:	Avoid concatenating nonliterals in a StringBuffer/StringBuilder constructor or append().
src/com/bbb/utils/BBBUtility.java:1139:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'errorList' (lines '1,139'-'1,143').
src/com/bbb/utils/BBBUtility.java:1169:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'dateFormat' (lines '1,169'-'1,172').
src/com/bbb/utils/BBBUtility.java:1169:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'dateFormat' (lines '1,169'-'1,174').
src/com/bbb/utils/BBBUtility.java:1169:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'dateFormat' (lines '1,169'-'1,177').
src/com/bbb/utils/BBBUtility.java:1172:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'dateFormat' (lines '1,172'-'1,200').
src/com/bbb/utils/BBBUtility.java:1174:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'dateFormat' (lines '1,174'-'1,200').
src/com/bbb/utils/BBBUtility.java:1177:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'dateFormat' (lines '1,177'-'1,200').
src/com/bbb/utils/BBBUtility.java:1180:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'eventDate' (lines '1,180'-'1,184').
src/com/bbb/utils/BBBUtility.java:1181:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'diffDays' (lines '1,181'-'1,194').
src/com/bbb/utils/BBBUtility.java:1194:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'diffDays' (lines '1,194'-'1,195').
src/com/bbb/utils/BBBUtility.java:1227:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '1,227'-'1,229').
src/com/bbb/utils/BBBUtility.java:1227:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '1,227'-'1,242').
src/com/bbb/utils/BBBUtility.java:1231:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'sdf' (lines '1,231'-'1,233').
src/com/bbb/utils/BBBUtility.java:1231:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'sdf' (lines '1,231'-'1,235').
src/com/bbb/utils/BBBUtility.java:1238:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'validDate' (lines '1,238'-'1,240').
src/com/bbb/utils/BBBUtility.java:1242:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '1,242'-'1,245').
src/com/bbb/utils/BBBUtility.java:1255:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'channelId' (lines '1,255'-'1,258').
src/com/bbb/utils/BBBUtility.java:1255:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'channelId' (lines '1,255'-'1,263').
src/com/bbb/utils/BBBUtility.java:1257:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/utils/BBBUtility.java:1285:	The method 'isAttributeApplicable' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 17.
src/com/bbb/utils/BBBUtility.java:1312:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'validateStatus' (lines '1,312'-'1,318').
src/com/bbb/utils/BBBUtility.java:1312:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'validateStatus' (lines '1,312'-'1,321').
src/com/bbb/utils/BBBUtility.java:1312:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'validateStatus' (lines '1,312'-'1,325').
src/com/bbb/utils/BBBUtility.java:1312:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'validateStatus' (lines '1,312'-'1,328').
src/com/bbb/utils/BBBUtility.java:1316:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/utils/BBBUtility.java:1317:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/utils/CommonConfiguration.java:17:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mLoggingDebugForRequestScopedComponents
src/com/bbb/utils/CommonConfiguration.java:29:	Parameter 'pPersistOrderXML' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/utils/CommonConfiguration.java:43:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pLoggingDebugForRequestScopedComponents
src/com/bbb/utils/CommonConfiguration.java:43:	Parameter 'pLoggingDebugForRequestScopedComponents' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/utils/CommonConfiguration.java:57:	Parameter 'pDisplayOrderXML' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/utils/ErrorInfoVO.java:32:	Parameter 'errorCode' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/utils/ErrorInfoVO.java:47:	Parameter 'errorDescription' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/utils/SystemErrorInfo.java:28:	Parameter 'errorList' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/vo/browse/BrandsListingVO.java:15:	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/com/bbb/vo/browse/EDCProdListDataVO.java:15:	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/com/bbb/vo/browse/ProdCatHeaderVO.java:15:	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/com/bbb/vo/wishlist/WishListProductVO.java:24:	Parameter 'productId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/vo/wishlist/WishListProductVO.java:36:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/vo/wishlist/WishListProductVO.java:48:	Parameter 'attributesList' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/vo/wishlist/WishListProductVO.java:60:	Parameter 'productImages' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/vo/wishlist/WishListProductVO.java:72:	Parameter 'collection' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/vo/wishlist/WishListSkuDetailVO.java:21:	Parameter 'skuId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/vo/wishlist/WishListSkuDetailVO.java:33:	Parameter 'displayName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/vo/wishlist/WishListSkuDetailVO.java:45:	Parameter 'description' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/vo/wishlist/WishListSkuDetailVO.java:57:	Parameter 'color' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/vo/wishlist/WishListSkuDetailVO.java:69:	Parameter 'size' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/vo/wishlist/WishListSkuDetailVO.java:81:	Parameter 'upc' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/vo/wishlist/WishListSkuDetailVO.java:93:	Parameter 'salePrice' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/vo/wishlist/WishListSkuDetailVO.java:105:	Parameter 'listPrice' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/vo/wishlist/WishListVO.java:39:	Parameter 'wishListItems' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/vo/wishlist/WishListVO.java:51:	Parameter 'prodPropMap' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/vo/wishlist/WishListVO.java:63:	Parameter 'skuPropMap' is not assigned and could be declared final
