src/atg/adapter/gsa/invalidator/BBBGSAInvalidatorService.java:15:	No need to import a type that lives in the same package
src/atg/adapter/gsa/invalidator/BBBGSAInvalidatorService.java:16:	No need to import a type that lives in the same package
src/atg/adapter/gsa/invalidator/BBBGSAInvalidatorService.java:31:	The class 'BBBGSAInvalidatorService' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 6 (Highest = 22).
src/atg/adapter/gsa/invalidator/BBBGSAInvalidatorService.java:44:	Parameter 'inventoryPath' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/atg/adapter/gsa/invalidator/BBBGSAInvalidatorService.java:58:	Parameter 'productCatalog' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/atg/adapter/gsa/invalidator/BBBGSAInvalidatorService.java:66:	Parameter 'pInfoMessage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/atg/adapter/gsa/invalidator/BBBGSAInvalidatorService.java:68:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/atg/adapter/gsa/invalidator/BBBGSAInvalidatorService.java:74:	The method 'isVdcSKU' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 22.
src/atg/adapter/gsa/invalidator/BBBGSAInvalidatorService.java:74:	The method isVdcSKU() has an NPath complexity of 690
src/atg/adapter/gsa/invalidator/BBBGSAInvalidatorService.java:75:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'inventoryRi' (lines '75'-'90').
src/atg/adapter/gsa/invalidator/BBBGSAInvalidatorService.java:75:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'inventoryRi' (lines '75'-'99').
src/atg/adapter/gsa/invalidator/BBBGSAInvalidatorService.java:76:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'skuRi' (lines '76'-'107').
src/atg/adapter/gsa/invalidator/BBBGSAInvalidatorService.java:78:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'repository' (lines '78'-'133').
src/atg/adapter/gsa/invalidator/BBBGSAInvalidatorService.java:78:	Local variable 'repository' could be declared final
src/atg/adapter/gsa/invalidator/BBBGSAInvalidatorService.java:85:	Local variable 'invaladiationMap' could be declared final
src/atg/adapter/gsa/invalidator/BBBGSAInvalidatorService.java:88:	Local variable 'invId' could be declared final
src/atg/adapter/gsa/invalidator/BBBGSAInvalidatorService.java:89:	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/atg/adapter/gsa/invalidator/BBBGSAInvalidatorService.java:90:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'inventoryRi' (lines '90'-'99').
src/atg/adapter/gsa/invalidator/BBBGSAInvalidatorService.java:95:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'params' (lines '95'-'96').
src/atg/adapter/gsa/invalidator/BBBGSAInvalidatorService.java:97:	Avoid variables with short names like ri
src/atg/adapter/gsa/invalidator/BBBGSAInvalidatorService.java:97:	Local variable 'ri' could be declared final
src/atg/adapter/gsa/invalidator/BBBGSAInvalidatorService.java:98:	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/atg/adapter/gsa/invalidator/BBBGSAInvalidatorService.java:103:	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/atg/adapter/gsa/invalidator/BBBGSAInvalidatorService.java:109:	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/atg/adapter/gsa/invalidator/BBBGSAInvalidatorService.java:135:	The method 'executeRQLQuery' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/atg/adapter/gsa/invalidator/BBBGSAInvalidatorService.java:137:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'statement' (lines '137'-'142').
src/atg/adapter/gsa/invalidator/BBBGSAInvalidatorService.java:137:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'statement' (lines '137'-'168').
src/atg/adapter/gsa/invalidator/BBBGSAInvalidatorService.java:138:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'queryResult' (lines '138'-'147').
src/atg/adapter/gsa/invalidator/BBBGSAInvalidatorService.java:139:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/atg/adapter/gsa/invalidator/BBBGSAInvalidatorService.java:140:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/atg/adapter/gsa/invalidator/BBBGSAInvalidatorService.java:143:	Local variable 'view' could be declared final
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:33:	The class 'BBBOrderDiscountCalculator' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 8 (Highest = 26).
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:33:	This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:36:	Avoid excessively long variable names like FILTERED_WRAPPED_ITEMS
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:44:	The String literal "rawtypes" appears 10 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 44
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:44:	The String literal "unchecked" appears 9 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 44
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:45:	Avoid really long methods.
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:45:	Parameter 'pOrder' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:45:	Parameter 'pPriceQuote' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:45:	The method 'priceOrder' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 26.
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:45:	The method priceOrder() has an NCSS line count of 101
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:45:	The method priceOrder() has an NPath complexity of 541440
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:46:	Parameter 'pLocale' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:46:	Parameter 'pPricingModel' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:47:	Parameter 'pExtraParameters' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:47:	Parameter 'pProfile' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:60:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'itemShareMap' (lines '60'-'187').
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:60:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'itemShareMap' (lines '60'-'240').
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:64:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'commerceItems' (lines '64'-'65').
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:76:	Local variable 'qualifierService' could be declared final
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:78:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'threshold' (lines '78'-'240').
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:78:	Local variable 'threshold' could be declared final
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:79:	Avoid excessively long variable names like dollarOffPromoCount
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:79:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'dollarOffPromoCount' (lines '79'-'240').
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:79:	Local variable 'dollarOffPromoCount' could be declared final
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:80:	Avoid excessively long variable names like promotionThresholdApplied
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:80:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'promotionThresholdApplied' (lines '80'-'240').
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:80:	Local variable 'promotionThresholdApplied' could be declared final
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:87:	Avoid excessively long variable names like initialOrderAmount
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:87:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'initialOrderAmount' (lines '87'-'240').
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:87:	Local variable 'initialOrderAmount' could be declared final
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:88:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'orderAmount' (lines '88'-'240').
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:91:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'itemCount' (lines '91'-'240').
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:95:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0) with calls to isEmpty()
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:102:	Local variable 'iterator' could be declared final
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:104:	Local variable 'object' could be declared final
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:106:	Local variable 'quantity' could be declared final
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:107:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'amount' (lines '107'-'114').
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:107:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'amount' (lines '107'-'118').
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:108:	Local variable 'itemPriceInfo' could be declared final
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:110:	Local variable 'wrappedItem' could be declared final
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:148:	Local variable 'priceQuotes' could be declared final
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:150:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ret' (lines '150'-'151').
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:170:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'orderSubTotal' (lines '170'-'198').
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:170:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'orderSubTotal' (lines '170'-'240').
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:171:	Local variable 'discountType' could be declared final
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:179:	Local variable 'adjuster' could be declared final
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:198:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'orderSubTotal' (lines '198'-'202').
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:198:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'orderSubTotal' (lines '198'-'210').
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:233:	Local variable 'adjustAmount' could be declared final
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:244:	Parameter 'adjuster' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:244:	Parameter 'filteredItems' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:245:	Parameter 'discountType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:245:	Parameter 'itemShareMap' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:245:	Parameter 'pExtraParameters' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:245:	Parameter 'pPricingModel' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:248:	Local variable 'iterator' could be declared final
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:250:	Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:253:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'wrappedItem' (lines '253'-'253').
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:253:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'wrappedItem' (lines '253'-'314').
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:253:	Local variable 'wrappedItem' could be declared final
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:255:	Avoid excessively long variable names like detailsRangesValidForTarget
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:255:	Local variable 'detailsRangesValidForTarget' could be declared final
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:257:	Local variable 'keySet' could be declared final
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:259:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'dpi' (lines '259'-'259').
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:259:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'dpi' (lines '259'-'265').
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:259:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'dpi' (lines '259'-'314').
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:261:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'priceInfoAmount' (lines '261'-'261').
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:261:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'priceInfoAmount' (lines '261'-'266').
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:261:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'priceInfoAmount' (lines '261'-'314').
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:262:	Avoid excessively long variable names like unitPriceInfoAmount
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:262:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'unitPriceInfoAmount' (lines '262'-'262').
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:262:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'unitPriceInfoAmount' (lines '262'-'267').
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:262:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'unitPriceInfoAmount' (lines '262'-'314').
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:263:	Local variable 'iterator2' could be declared final
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:272:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'unitItemDiscount' (lines '272'-'273').
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:274:	Local variable 'itemDiscount' could be declared final
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:307:	Local variable 'ciIndex' could be declared final
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:308:	Local variable 'dpiIndex' could be declared final
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:329:	Avoid really long methods.
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:329:	The method 'distributeAmount' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 16.
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:329:	The method distributeAmount() has an NPath complexity of 3024
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:330:	Avoid excessively long variable names like remainingAdjusterAmt
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:330:	Parameter 'pExtraParameters' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:331:	Parameter 'itemShareMap' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:331:	Parameter 'pPricingModel' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:341:	Avoid excessively long variable names like isAdjusterAmtExhaushted
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:341:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isAdjusterAmtExhaushted' (lines '341'-'403').
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:341:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isAdjusterAmtExhaushted' (lines '341'-'448').
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:344:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'totalDpiCount' (lines '344'-'499').
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:344:	Local variable 'totalDpiCount' could be declared final
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:352:	Local variable 'ciList' could be declared final
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:356:	Local variable 'commerceItem' could be declared final
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:359:	Local variable 'dpiList' could be declared final
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:363:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'itemShare' (lines '363'-'499').
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:363:	Local variable 'itemShare' could be declared final
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:364:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'count' (lines '364'-'367').
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:372:	Avoid excessively long variable names like detailedItemPriceInfo
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:372:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'detailedItemPriceInfo' (lines '372'-'499').
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:372:	Local variable 'detailedItemPriceInfo' could be declared final
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:513:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'entry' (lines '513'-'530').
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:513:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'entry' (lines '513'-'541').
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:513:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'entry' (lines '513'-'544').
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:513:	Parameter 'itemAmountMap' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:514:	Parameter 'adjuster' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:514:	Parameter 'orderAmount' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:523:	Local variable 'itemShareMap' could be declared final
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:524:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ratio' (lines '524'-'544').
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:524:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'ratio' (lines '524'-'574').
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:525:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'itemDiscount' (lines '525'-'552').
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:525:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'itemDiscount' (lines '525'-'574').
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:527:	Local variable 'entry' could be declared final
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:584:	Parameter 'filteredItems' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:585:	Parameter 'pExtraParameters' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:592:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'dpiList' (lines '592'-'600').
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:592:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'dpiList' (lines '592'-'629').
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:594:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'totalDpiCount' (lines '594'-'616').
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:597:	Local variable 'iterator' could be declared final
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:598:	Avoid excessively long variable names like filteredCommerceItem
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:598:	Local variable 'filteredCommerceItem' could be declared final
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:600:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:602:	Local variable 'wrappedItem' could be declared final
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:603:	Avoid excessively long variable names like detailsRangesValidForTarget
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:603:	Local variable 'detailsRangesValidForTarget' could be declared final
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:605:	Local variable 'keySet' could be declared final
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:607:	Local variable 'iterator2' could be declared final
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:609:	Local variable 'dpi' could be declared final
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:637:	Parameter 'dpi' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:644:	Local variable 'dpiList' could be declared final
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:645:	Local variable 'rangeHighBound' could be declared final
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:647:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'range' (lines '647'-'654').
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:647:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'range' (lines '647'-'671').
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:652:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:652:	Local variable 'newDpi' could be declared final
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:654:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:682:	Parameter 'filteredDpi' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:682:	Parameter 'filteredItem' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:682:	Parameter 'itemDiscount' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:682:	Parameter 'pPricingModel' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:689:	Local variable 'itemDpiList' could be declared final
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:690:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'dpiRangeFound' (lines '690'-'705').
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:694:	Local variable 'itr' could be declared final
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:695:	Local variable 'commerItemDpi' could be declared final
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:700:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:705:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'dpiRangeFound' (lines '705'-'705').
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:714:	Local variable 'adjustment' could be declared final
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:730:	Parameter 'commerceItems' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:731:	Local variable 'priceQuotes' could be declared final
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:732:	Local variable 'itemIterator' could be declared final
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:734:	Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:742:	Parameter 'pPriceQuote' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:743:	Parameter 'pLocale' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:743:	Parameter 'pOrder' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:743:	Parameter 'pPricingModel' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:744:	Parameter 'commerceItems' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:744:	Parameter 'pExtraParameters' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:744:	Parameter 'pProfile' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:747:	Local variable 'priceQuotes' could be declared final
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:748:	Local variable 'qualifierService' could be declared final
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:750:	Local variable 'wrappedItems' could be declared final
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:752:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'siteItem' (lines '752'-'755').
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:763:	Local variable 'pricingContext' could be declared final
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:769:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pExtraParametersMap
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:769:	Local variable 'pExtraParametersMap' could be declared final
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:770:	Local variable 'pDetailsMap' could be declared final
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:771:	Local variable 'filteredItems' could be declared final
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:772:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pDetailsPendingActingAsQualifier
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:772:	Local variable 'pDetailsPendingActingAsQualifier' could be declared final
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:784:	Parameter 'commerceItems' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:785:	Local variable 'results' could be declared final
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:791:	Parameter 'pPricingModel' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:792:	Parameter 'qualifierService' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:793:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'threshold' (lines '793'-'795').
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:806:	Parameter 'pPriceQuote' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:806:	Parameter 'pPricingModel' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:806:	The method 'shouldNotApply' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 13.
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:810:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'discountType' (lines '810'-'811').
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:811:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'discountType' (lines '811'-'847').
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:812:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:828:	Local variable 'adjustments' could be declared final
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:829:	Local variable 'iterator' could be declared final
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:830:	Local variable 'pAdustment' could be declared final
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:831:	Local variable 'usedPromotion' could be declared final
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:833:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'usedDiscountType' (lines '833'-'834').
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:849:	Parameter 'promotion' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:851:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'usedDiscountType' (lines '851'-'853').
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:889:	Avoid really long methods.
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:889:	Parameter 'commerceItems' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:889:	Parameter 'pOrder' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:889:	The method 'updateItemsDiscountShare' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 21.
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:889:	The method updateItemsDiscountShare() has an NPath complexity of 4812
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:890:	Parameter 'pAdjuster' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:890:	Parameter 'pTotalAdjustment' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:890:	Parameter 'pUnadjustedPrice' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:891:	Parameter 'pDiscountType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:891:	Parameter 'pTimesToDiscount' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:898:	Local variable 'relationships' could be declared final
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:901:	Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:908:	Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:909:	Local variable 'price' could be declared final
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:910:	Local variable 'oldShare' could be declared final
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:911:	Local variable 'itemAmount' could be declared final
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:926:	Local variable 'share' could be declared final
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:932:	Local variable 'leftovers' could be declared final
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:950:	Local variable 'details' could be declared final
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:951:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'itemDiscShare' (lines '951'-'1,018').
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:951:	Local variable 'itemDiscShare' could be declared final
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:954:	Local variable 'detail' could be declared final
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:956:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'detailOldShare' (lines '956'-'956').
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:956:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'detailOldShare' (lines '956'-'1,018').
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:956:	Local variable 'detailOldShare' could be declared final
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:957:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'detailRatio' (lines '957'-'962').
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:979:	Local variable 'detailShare' could be declared final
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:980:	Avoid excessively long variable names like detailRoundedShare
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:985:	Local variable 'detailLeftovers' could be declared final
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderDiscountCalculator.java:1026:	Parameter 'mCatalogUtil' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBShippingClosenessQualifierEvaluator.java:14:	Parameter 'pPricingContext' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/atg/commerce/pricing/BBBShippingClosenessQualifierEvaluator.java:15:	Parameter 'pExtraParameters' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/atg/droplet/NotZero.java:26:	Parameter 'pReq' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/atg/droplet/NotZero.java:27:	Parameter 'pRes' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/atg/droplet/NotZero.java:30:	Local variable 'price' could be declared final
src/atg/sitemap/BBBCatalogDynamicSitemapGenerator.java:6:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.Set'
src/atg/sitemap/BBBCatalogDynamicSitemapGenerator.java:6:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.Set'
src/atg/sitemap/BBBCatalogDynamicSitemapGenerator.java:9:	Avoid unused imports such as 'atg.repository.RepositoryException'
src/atg/sitemap/BBBCatalogDynamicSitemapGenerator.java:9:	Avoid unused imports such as 'atg.repository.RepositoryException'
src/atg/sitemap/BBBCatalogDynamicSitemapGenerator.java:10:	Avoid unused imports such as 'atg.repository.RepositoryItem'
src/atg/sitemap/BBBCatalogDynamicSitemapGenerator.java:10:	Avoid unused imports such as 'atg.repository.RepositoryItem'
src/atg/sitemap/BBBCatalogDynamicSitemapGenerator.java:17:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mSitemapFilePrefixString
src/atg/sitemap/BBBCatalogDynamicSitemapGenerator.java:29:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pSitemapFilePrefixString
src/atg/sitemap/BBBCatalogDynamicSitemapGenerator.java:29:	Parameter 'pSitemapFilePrefixString' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/atg/sitemap/BBBCatalogDynamicSitemapGenerator.java:43:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pSitemapGeneratorService
src/atg/sitemap/BBBCatalogDynamicSitemapGenerator.java:43:	Parameter 'pSiteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/atg/sitemap/BBBCatalogDynamicSitemapGenerator.java:43:	Parameter 'pSitemapGeneratorService' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/atg/sitemap/BBBDynamicSitemapGenerator.java:16:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mSitemapFilePrefixString
src/atg/sitemap/BBBDynamicSitemapGenerator.java:17:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mSiteIdInRepository
src/atg/sitemap/BBBDynamicSitemapGenerator.java:28:	Parameter 'pRepositoryItem' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/atg/sitemap/BBBDynamicSitemapGenerator.java:29:	Parameter 'pSite' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/atg/sitemap/BBBDynamicSitemapGenerator.java:30:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pSitemapGeneratorService
src/atg/sitemap/BBBDynamicSitemapGenerator.java:30:	Parameter 'pSitemapGeneratorService' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/atg/sitemap/BBBDynamicSitemapGenerator.java:32:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/atg/sitemap/BBBDynamicSitemapGenerator.java:33:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/atg/sitemap/BBBDynamicSitemapGenerator.java:34:	Local variable 'pageItem' could be declared final
src/atg/sitemap/BBBDynamicSitemapGenerator.java:37:	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/atg/sitemap/BBBDynamicSitemapGenerator.java:57:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pSitemapFilePrefixString
src/atg/sitemap/BBBDynamicSitemapGenerator.java:57:	Parameter 'pSitemapFilePrefixString' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/atg/sitemap/BBBDynamicSitemapGenerator.java:71:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pSitemapGeneratorService
src/atg/sitemap/BBBDynamicSitemapGenerator.java:71:	Parameter 'pSiteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/atg/sitemap/BBBDynamicSitemapGenerator.java:71:	Parameter 'pSitemapGeneratorService' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/atg/sitemap/BBBDynamicSitemapGenerator.java:93:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pSiteIdInRepository
src/atg/sitemap/BBBDynamicSitemapGenerator.java:93:	Parameter 'pSiteIdInRepository' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/atg/sitemap/BBBStaticSitemapGenerator.java:9:	The class 'BBBStaticSitemapGenerator' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 5 (Highest = 12).
src/atg/sitemap/BBBStaticSitemapGenerator.java:17:	Parameter 'siteSpecificPages' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/atg/sitemap/BBBStaticSitemapGenerator.java:29:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pSitemapGeneratorService
src/atg/sitemap/BBBStaticSitemapGenerator.java:29:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'page' (lines '29'-'46').
src/atg/sitemap/BBBStaticSitemapGenerator.java:29:	Parameter 'pSitemapGeneratorService' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/atg/sitemap/BBBStaticSitemapGenerator.java:29:	The method 'generateSitemap' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 12.
src/atg/sitemap/BBBStaticSitemapGenerator.java:30:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/atg/sitemap/BBBStaticSitemapGenerator.java:32:	Local variable 'sites' could be declared final
src/atg/sitemap/BBBStaticSitemapGenerator.java:33:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'pages' (lines '33'-'63').
src/atg/sitemap/BBBStaticSitemapGenerator.java:33:	Local variable 'pages' could be declared final
src/atg/sitemap/BBBStaticSitemapGenerator.java:35:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/atg/sitemap/BBBStaticSitemapGenerator.java:36:	Avoid using dollar signs in variable/method/class/interface names
src/atg/sitemap/BBBStaticSitemapGenerator.java:36:	Avoid variables with short names like i$
src/atg/sitemap/BBBStaticSitemapGenerator.java:36:	Local variable 'i$' could be declared final
src/atg/sitemap/BBBStaticSitemapGenerator.java:38:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/atg/sitemap/BBBStaticSitemapGenerator.java:40:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'site' (lines '40'-'63').
src/atg/sitemap/BBBStaticSitemapGenerator.java:40:	Local variable 'site' could be declared final
src/atg/sitemap/BBBStaticSitemapGenerator.java:41:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/atg/sitemap/BBBStaticSitemapGenerator.java:42:	Local variable 'listOfPages' could be declared final
src/atg/sitemap/BBBStaticSitemapGenerator.java:45:	Local variable 'page' could be declared final
src/atg/sitemap/BBBStaticSitemapGenerator.java:53:	Local variable 'siteSpecificPages' could be declared final
src/atg/sitemap/BBBStaticSitemapGenerator.java:55:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/atg/sitemap/BBBStaticSitemapGenerator.java:56:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/atg/sitemap/BBBStaticSitemapGenerator.java:61:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/atg/sitemap/BBBStaticSitemapGenerator.java:73:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pSitemapGeneratorService
src/atg/sitemap/BBBStaticSitemapGenerator.java:73:	Parameter 'pSiteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/atg/sitemap/BBBStaticSitemapGenerator.java:73:	Parameter 'pSitemapGeneratorService' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/atg/sitemap/BBBStaticSitemapGenerator.java:73:	Parameter 'pages' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/atg/sitemap/BBBStaticSitemapGenerator.java:75:	Local variable 'sitemapTools' could be declared final
src/atg/sitemap/BBBStaticSitemapGenerator.java:76:	Avoid variables with short names like si
src/atg/sitemap/BBBStaticSitemapGenerator.java:76:	Local variable 'si' could be declared final
src/atg/sitemap/BBBStaticSitemapGenerator.java:78:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'urlCount' (lines '78'-'104').
src/atg/sitemap/BBBStaticSitemapGenerator.java:80:	Avoid using dollar signs in variable/method/class/interface names
src/atg/sitemap/BBBStaticSitemapGenerator.java:80:	Local variable 'i$' could be declared final
src/atg/sitemap/BBBStaticSitemapGenerator.java:81:	Local variable 'page' could be declared final
src/atg/sitemap/BBBStaticSitemapGenerator.java:82:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/atg/sitemap/BBBStaticSitemapGenerator.java:83:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/atg/sitemap/BBBStaticSitemapGenerator.java:84:	Local variable 'relativeUrl' could be declared final
src/atg/sitemap/BBBStaticSitemapGenerator.java:85:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pageChangeFrequency
src/atg/sitemap/BBBStaticSitemapGenerator.java:85:	Local variable 'pageChangeFrequency' could be declared final
src/atg/sitemap/BBBStaticSitemapGenerator.java:86:	Local variable 'pagePriority' could be declared final
src/atg/sitemap/BBBStaticSitemapGenerator.java:87:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'fullUrl' (lines '87'-'89').
src/atg/sitemap/BBBStaticSitemapGenerator.java:87:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'fullUrl' (lines '87'-'91').
src/atg/sitemap/BBBStaticSitemapGenerator.java:89:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/atg/sitemap/BBBStaticSitemapGenerator.java:91:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/atg/sitemap/BBBStaticSitemapGenerator.java:92:	Local variable 'urlXml' could be declared final
src/atg/sitemap/BBBStaticSitemapGenerator.java:93:	Local variable 'newSitemapStarted' could be declared final
src/atg/sitemap/BBBStaticSitemapGenerator.java:95:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'urlCount' (lines '95'-'98').
src/atg/sitemap/BBBStaticSitemapGenerator.java:98:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'urlCount' (lines '98'-'104').
src/atg/sitemap/ThirdPartySitemapGenerator.java:16:	Avoid excessively long variable names like configTemplateManager
src/atg/sitemap/ThirdPartySitemapGenerator.java:17:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mSitemapFilePrefixString
src/atg/sitemap/ThirdPartySitemapGenerator.java:29:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pSitemapFilePrefixString
src/atg/sitemap/ThirdPartySitemapGenerator.java:29:	Parameter 'pSitemapFilePrefixString' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/atg/sitemap/ThirdPartySitemapGenerator.java:37:	Parameter 'scene7' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/atg/sitemap/ThirdPartySitemapGenerator.java:46:	Avoid excessively long variable names like configTemplateManager
src/atg/sitemap/ThirdPartySitemapGenerator.java:46:	Parameter 'configTemplateManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/atg/sitemap/ThirdPartySitemapGenerator.java:50:	Parameter 'pRepositoryItem' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/atg/sitemap/ThirdPartySitemapGenerator.java:51:	Parameter 'pSite' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/atg/sitemap/ThirdPartySitemapGenerator.java:52:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pSitemapGeneratorService
src/atg/sitemap/ThirdPartySitemapGenerator.java:52:	Parameter 'pSitemapGeneratorService' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/atg/sitemap/ThirdPartySitemapGenerator.java:54:	Local variable 'template' could be declared final
src/atg/sitemap/ThirdPartySitemapGenerator.java:55:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'params' (lines '55'-'66').
src/atg/sitemap/ThirdPartySitemapGenerator.java:56:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'lookups' (lines '56'-'62').
src/atg/sitemap/ThirdPartySitemapGenerator.java:56:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'lookups' (lines '56'-'64').
src/atg/sitemap/ThirdPartySitemapGenerator.java:58:	Local variable 'itemlookup' could be declared final
src/atg/sitemap/ThirdPartySitemapGenerator.java:60:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/atg/sitemap/ThirdPartySitemapGenerator.java:61:	Local variable 'siteLookup' could be declared final
src/atg/sitemap/ThirdPartySitemapGenerator.java:69:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'formattedURL' (lines '69'-'71').
src/atg/sitemap/ThirdPartySitemapGenerator.java:75:	Local variable 'finalURL' could be declared final
src/atg/sitemap/ThirdPartySitemapGenerator.java:77:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'scene7_url' (lines '77'-'78').
src/atg/sitemap/ThirdPartySitemapGenerator.java:77:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'scene7_url' is not final.
src/atg/sitemap/ThirdPartySitemapGenerator.java:78:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'scene7_url' (lines '78'-'83').
src/atg/sitemap/ThirdPartySitemapGenerator.java:83:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/atg/sitemap/ThirdPartySitemapGenerator.java:89:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/atg/sitemap/ThirdPartySitemapGenerator.java:98:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pSitemapGeneratorService
src/atg/sitemap/ThirdPartySitemapGenerator.java:98:	Parameter 'pSiteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/atg/sitemap/ThirdPartySitemapGenerator.java:98:	Parameter 'pSitemapGeneratorService' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/atg/sitemap/ThirdPartySitemapTools.java:7:	Parameter 'pFrequency' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/atg/sitemap/ThirdPartySitemapTools.java:7:	Parameter 'pUrl' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/atg/sitemap/ThirdPartySitemapTools.java:8:	Parameter 'pDebugMode' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/atg/sitemap/ThirdPartySitemapTools.java:8:	Parameter 'pPriority' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/atg/sitemap/ThirdPartySitemapTools.java:13:	Local variable 'urlXml' could be declared final
src/atg/sitemap/ThirdPartySitemapTools.java:13:	StringBuffer constructor is initialized with size 16, but has at least 68 characters appended.
src/atg/sitemap/ThirdPartySitemapTools.java:14:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'indent1' (lines '14'-'17').
src/atg/sitemap/ThirdPartySitemapTools.java:15:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'indent2' (lines '15'-'18').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBAddressObject.java:16:	Parameter 'pCompanyName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBAddressTools.java:15:	All methods are static.  Consider using Singleton instead.  Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/com/bbb/account/BBBAddressTools.java:15:	The class 'BBBAddressTools' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 5 (Highest = 11).
src/com/bbb/account/BBBAddressTools.java:109:	Parameter 'destAddress' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBAddressTools.java:109:	Parameter 'srcAddress' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBAddressTools.java:109:	The method 'copyBBBAddress' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/com/bbb/account/BBBAddressTools.java:109:	The method copyBBBAddress() has an NPath complexity of 1024
src/com/bbb/account/BBBDesEncryptionTools.java:35:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ENC_PBE_WITH_MD5_AND_DES
src/com/bbb/account/BBBDesEncryptionTools.java:84:	Use block level rather than method level synchronization
src/com/bbb/account/BBBForgotPasswordHandler.java:31:	Avoid unused imports such as 'atg.multisite.SiteContextManager'
src/com/bbb/account/BBBForgotPasswordHandler.java:31:	Avoid unused imports such as 'atg.multisite.SiteContextManager'
src/com/bbb/account/BBBForgotPasswordHandler.java:51:	The class 'BBBForgotPasswordHandler' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 2 (Highest = 24).
src/com/bbb/account/BBBForgotPasswordHandler.java:58:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mLblTxtTemplateManager
src/com/bbb/account/BBBForgotPasswordHandler.java:62:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mAppendContextPath
src/com/bbb/account/BBBForgotPasswordHandler.java:76:	Parameter 'mStoreContextPath' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBForgotPasswordHandler.java:84:	Parameter 'mCatalogTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBForgotPasswordHandler.java:92:	Avoid excessively long variable names like forgotPasswordWithProfileExtenstion
src/com/bbb/account/BBBForgotPasswordHandler.java:106:	Avoid excessively long variable names like forgotPasswordWithProfileExtenstion
src/com/bbb/account/BBBForgotPasswordHandler.java:106:	Parameter 'forgotPasswordWithProfileExtenstion' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBForgotPasswordHandler.java:111:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mUserItemFromEmailId
src/com/bbb/account/BBBForgotPasswordHandler.java:119:	Avoid excessively long variable names like userItemFromEmailId
src/com/bbb/account/BBBForgotPasswordHandler.java:119:	Parameter 'userItemFromEmailId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBForgotPasswordHandler.java:127:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pAppendContextPath
src/com/bbb/account/BBBForgotPasswordHandler.java:127:	Parameter 'pAppendContextPath' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBForgotPasswordHandler.java:135:	Parameter 'pPlaceHolderMap' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBForgotPasswordHandler.java:149:	Parameter 'pEmailAddr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBForgotPasswordHandler.java:163:	Parameter 'pLoginURL' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBForgotPasswordHandler.java:178:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pLblTxtTemplateManager
src/com/bbb/account/BBBForgotPasswordHandler.java:178:	Parameter 'pLblTxtTemplateManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBForgotPasswordHandler.java:201:	Parameter 'pSiteContext' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBForgotPasswordHandler.java:216:	Parameter 'pErrorMap' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBForgotPasswordHandler.java:230:	Parameter 'pPmgr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBForgotPasswordHandler.java:244:	Parameter 'pManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBForgotPasswordHandler.java:248:	Parameter 'pRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBForgotPasswordHandler.java:248:	Parameter 'pResponse' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBForgotPasswordHandler.java:266:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/account/BBBForgotPasswordHandler.java:266:	Parameter 'pRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBForgotPasswordHandler.java:266:	The method 'preForgotPassword' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 24.
src/com/bbb/account/BBBForgotPasswordHandler.java:266:	The method preForgotPassword() has an NPath complexity of 5401
src/com/bbb/account/BBBForgotPasswordHandler.java:267:	Parameter 'pResponse' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBForgotPasswordHandler.java:269:	Local variable 'methodName' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBForgotPasswordHandler.java:276:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'channel' (lines '276'-'374').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBForgotPasswordHandler.java:276:	Local variable 'channel' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBForgotPasswordHandler.java:286:	Avoid excessively long variable names like errorPlaceHolderMap
src/com/bbb/account/BBBForgotPasswordHandler.java:286:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'errorPlaceHolderMap' (lines '286'-'374').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBForgotPasswordHandler.java:286:	Local variable 'errorPlaceHolderMap' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBForgotPasswordHandler.java:290:	When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/com/bbb/account/BBBForgotPasswordHandler.java:294:	Local variable 'emptyEmailError' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBForgotPasswordHandler.java:300:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/account/BBBForgotPasswordHandler.java:301:	Local variable 'emailFormatError' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBForgotPasswordHandler.java:308:	Local variable 'userItemFromEmail' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBForgotPasswordHandler.java:310:	Local variable 'profileNotFound' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBForgotPasswordHandler.java:324:	Avoid excessively long variable names like errorInProfileExtenstion
src/com/bbb/account/BBBForgotPasswordHandler.java:324:	Local variable 'errorInProfileExtenstion' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBForgotPasswordHandler.java:334:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/account/BBBForgotPasswordHandler.java:335:	Avoid excessively long variable names like associateWithSisterSite
src/com/bbb/account/BBBForgotPasswordHandler.java:335:	Local variable 'associateWithSisterSite' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBForgotPasswordHandler.java:348:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'loginURL' (lines '348'-'354').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBForgotPasswordHandler.java:348:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'loginURL' (lines '348'-'363').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBForgotPasswordHandler.java:351:	Local variable 'configValue' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBForgotPasswordHandler.java:352:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0) with calls to isEmpty()
src/com/bbb/account/BBBForgotPasswordHandler.java:389:	Parameter 'pRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBForgotPasswordHandler.java:389:	The method 'postForgotPassword' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/com/bbb/account/BBBForgotPasswordHandler.java:390:	Parameter 'pResponse' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBForgotPasswordHandler.java:399:	Local variable 'profileItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBForgotPasswordHandler.java:401:	Local variable 'tempMigrationFlag' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBForgotPasswordHandler.java:402:	Avoid excessively long variable names like tempUserMigratedLoginProp
src/com/bbb/account/BBBForgotPasswordHandler.java:402:	Local variable 'tempUserMigratedLoginProp' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBForgotPasswordHandler.java:405:	Local variable 'migrationFlag' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBForgotPasswordHandler.java:407:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mUserMigratedLoginProp
src/com/bbb/account/BBBForgotPasswordHandler.java:407:	Local variable 'mUserMigratedLoginProp' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBForgotPasswordHandler.java:419:	Parameter 'email' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBForgotPasswordHandler.java:419:	Parameter 'loginURL' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBForgotPasswordHandler.java:420:	Local variable 'temp' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBForgotPasswordHandler.java:421:	Local variable 'site' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBForgotPasswordHandler.java:422:	Local variable 'siteEmail' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBForgotPasswordHandler.java:430:	Local variable 'placeHolderMap' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBForgotPasswordHandler.java:436:	Local variable 'uniqueKeyDate' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBForgotPasswordHandler.java:437:	Local variable 'emailPersistId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBForgotPasswordHandler.java:453:	Parameter 'pRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBForgotPasswordHandler.java:454:	Parameter 'pProfile' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBForgotPasswordHandler.java:454:	Parameter 'pResponse' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBForgotPasswordHandler.java:455:	Parameter 'pNewPassword' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBForgotPasswordHandler.java:456:	Local variable 'map' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBGetCouponsManager.java:14:	A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
src/com/bbb/account/BBBGetCouponsManager.java:50:	The class 'BBBGetCouponsManager' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 37).
src/com/bbb/account/BBBGetCouponsManager.java:61:	Parameter 'promoManger' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBGetCouponsManager.java:67:	Parameter 'pCouponUtil' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBGetCouponsManager.java:80:	Parameter 'mediaItmKey' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBGetCouponsManager.java:92:	Parameter 'pSiteContext' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBGetCouponsManager.java:107:	Parameter 'pCatalogTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBGetCouponsManager.java:122:	Parameter 'pServiceName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBGetCouponsManager.java:127:	Parameter 'pEmailAddr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBGetCouponsManager.java:127:	Parameter 'pMobilePhone' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBGetCouponsManager.java:131:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'couponRequestVo' (lines '131'-'161').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBGetCouponsManager.java:131:	Local variable 'couponRequestVo' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBGetCouponsManager.java:133:	Local variable 'siteId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBGetCouponsManager.java:154:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'couponResponseVo' (lines '154'-'156').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBGetCouponsManager.java:173:	Parameter 'emailAddr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBGetCouponsManager.java:173:	Parameter 'mobilePhone' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBGetCouponsManager.java:174:	Local variable 'pRequest' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBGetCouponsManager.java:175:	Local variable 'pResponse' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBGetCouponsManager.java:179:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'couponList' (lines '179'-'192').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBGetCouponsManager.java:179:	Local variable 'couponList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBGetCouponsManager.java:180:	Local variable 'couponDroplet' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBGetCouponsManager.java:184:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/com/bbb/account/BBBGetCouponsManager.java:186:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/com/bbb/account/BBBGetCouponsManager.java:215:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/account/BBBGetCouponsManager.java:215:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'couponVo' (lines '215'-'307').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBGetCouponsManager.java:215:	Parameter 'basedOnOrder' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBGetCouponsManager.java:215:	Parameter 'basedOnProfile' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBGetCouponsManager.java:215:	The method 'getUserCoupons' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 37.
src/com/bbb/account/BBBGetCouponsManager.java:215:	The method getUserCoupons() has an NPath complexity of 645120
src/com/bbb/account/BBBGetCouponsManager.java:218:	Local variable 'req' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBGetCouponsManager.java:219:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'couponList' (lines '219'-'321').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBGetCouponsManager.java:219:	Local variable 'couponList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBGetCouponsManager.java:220:	Local variable 'profile' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBGetCouponsManager.java:222:	Local variable 'cart' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBGetCouponsManager.java:223:	Local variable 'order' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBGetCouponsManager.java:225:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'couponListVo' (lines '225'-'262').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBGetCouponsManager.java:225:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'couponListVo' (lines '225'-'321').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBGetCouponsManager.java:226:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'couponResponse' (lines '226'-'272').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBGetCouponsManager.java:226:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'couponResponse' (lines '226'-'321').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBGetCouponsManager.java:230:	Local variable 'billingAddress' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBGetCouponsManager.java:241:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/com/bbb/account/BBBGetCouponsManager.java:242:	Local variable 'billingAddress' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBGetCouponsManager.java:272:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'couponResponse' (lines '272'-'321').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBGetCouponsManager.java:275:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/account/BBBGetCouponsManager.java:279:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/com/bbb/account/BBBGetCouponsManager.java:283:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/account/BBBGetCouponsManager.java:287:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/com/bbb/account/BBBGetCouponsManager.java:294:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/account/BBBGetCouponsManager.java:306:	Local variable 'couponVo' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBGetCouponsManager.java:307:	Local variable 'code' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBGetCouponsManager.java:308:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'promId' (lines '308'-'310').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBGetCouponsManager.java:328:	Parameter 'couponListVo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBGetCouponsManager.java:329:	Parameter 'promId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBGetCouponsManager.java:353:	Parameter 'schoolId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBGetCouponsManager.java:353:	The method 'addSchoolPromotion' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/com/bbb/account/BBBGetCouponsManager.java:354:	Parameter 'profile' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBGetCouponsManager.java:355:	Local variable 'couponListVo' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBGetCouponsManager.java:356:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'logMsg' (lines '356'-'358').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBGetCouponsManager.java:364:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'schoolPromoItem' (lines '364'-'384').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBGetCouponsManager.java:364:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'schoolPromoItem' (lines '364'-'393').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBGetCouponsManager.java:365:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'schoolPromoID' (lines '365'-'368').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBGetCouponsManager.java:371:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'schoolVO' (lines '371'-'375').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBGetCouponsManager.java:371:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'schoolVO' (lines '371'-'393').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBGetCouponsManager.java:372:	No need to check for null before an instanceof
src/com/bbb/account/BBBGetCouponsManager.java:402:	Parameter 'couponListVo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBGetCouponsManager.java:402:	Parameter 'promo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBGetCouponsManager.java:406:	Local variable 'mediaMap' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBGetCouponsManager.java:409:	Local variable 'mediaIteam' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBGetCouponsManager.java:412:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/account/BBBGetCouponsManager.java:417:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/account/BBBOrderTrackingFormHandler.java:45:	The class 'BBBOrderTrackingFormHandler' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 2 (Highest = 23).
src/com/bbb/account/BBBOrderTrackingFormHandler.java:47:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mTrackOrderSuccessURL
src/com/bbb/account/BBBOrderTrackingFormHandler.java:48:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mTrackOrderErrorURL
src/com/bbb/account/BBBOrderTrackingFormHandler.java:50:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mOrderTrackingManager
src/com/bbb/account/BBBOrderTrackingFormHandler.java:51:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mOrderTrackingResponseVO
src/com/bbb/account/BBBOrderTrackingFormHandler.java:54:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mLblTxtTemplateManager
src/com/bbb/account/BBBOrderTrackingFormHandler.java:67:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pLblTxtTemplateManager
src/com/bbb/account/BBBOrderTrackingFormHandler.java:67:	Parameter 'pLblTxtTemplateManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBOrderTrackingFormHandler.java:81:	Parameter 'pRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBOrderTrackingFormHandler.java:82:	Parameter 'pResponse' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBOrderTrackingFormHandler.java:85:	Local variable 'orderId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBOrderTrackingFormHandler.java:86:	Local variable 'emailId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBOrderTrackingFormHandler.java:87:	Avoid excessively long variable names like errorPlaceHolderMap
src/com/bbb/account/BBBOrderTrackingFormHandler.java:87:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'errorPlaceHolderMap' (lines '87'-'130').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBOrderTrackingFormHandler.java:87:	Local variable 'errorPlaceHolderMap' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBOrderTrackingFormHandler.java:90:	Local variable 'error' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBOrderTrackingFormHandler.java:101:	Local variable 'error' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBOrderTrackingFormHandler.java:102:	The String literal "err_trackorder_invalid_email" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 102
src/com/bbb/account/BBBOrderTrackingFormHandler.java:111:	Local variable 'error' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBOrderTrackingFormHandler.java:122:	Local variable 'error' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBOrderTrackingFormHandler.java:145:	Parameter 'pRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBOrderTrackingFormHandler.java:146:	Parameter 'pResponse' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBOrderTrackingFormHandler.java:165:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/account/BBBOrderTrackingFormHandler.java:165:	Parameter 'pRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBOrderTrackingFormHandler.java:165:	The method 'handleTrackOrder' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 23.
src/com/bbb/account/BBBOrderTrackingFormHandler.java:165:	The method handleTrackOrder() has an NPath complexity of 243
src/com/bbb/account/BBBOrderTrackingFormHandler.java:166:	Parameter 'pResponse' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBOrderTrackingFormHandler.java:171:	Avoid excessively long variable names like errorPlaceHolderMap
src/com/bbb/account/BBBOrderTrackingFormHandler.java:171:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'errorPlaceHolderMap' (lines '171'-'319').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBOrderTrackingFormHandler.java:171:	Local variable 'errorPlaceHolderMap' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBOrderTrackingFormHandler.java:174:	Local variable 'orderId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBOrderTrackingFormHandler.java:175:	Local variable 'emailId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBOrderTrackingFormHandler.java:180:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bATGOrder' (lines '180'-'187').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBOrderTrackingFormHandler.java:180:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bATGOrder' (lines '180'-'193').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBOrderTrackingFormHandler.java:183:	Avoid excessively long variable names like oTrackingResponseVO
src/com/bbb/account/BBBOrderTrackingFormHandler.java:183:	Local variable 'oTrackingResponseVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBOrderTrackingFormHandler.java:184:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/account/BBBOrderTrackingFormHandler.java:187:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bATGOrder' (lines '187'-'193').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBOrderTrackingFormHandler.java:199:	Local variable 'error' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBOrderTrackingFormHandler.java:209:	The String literal "err_trackorder_exception_get_order" appears 15 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 209
src/com/bbb/account/BBBOrderTrackingFormHandler.java:210:	Local variable 'error' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBOrderTrackingFormHandler.java:220:	Local variable 'error' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBOrderTrackingFormHandler.java:236:	Local variable 'errStatus' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBOrderTrackingFormHandler.java:237:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/account/BBBOrderTrackingFormHandler.java:243:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/account/BBBOrderTrackingFormHandler.java:246:	Local variable 'error' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBOrderTrackingFormHandler.java:255:	Local variable 'valErrorIterator' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBOrderTrackingFormHandler.java:258:	Local variable 'valError' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBOrderTrackingFormHandler.java:264:	Local variable 'error' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBOrderTrackingFormHandler.java:269:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/account/BBBOrderTrackingFormHandler.java:275:	Local variable 'error' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBOrderTrackingFormHandler.java:280:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/account/BBBOrderTrackingFormHandler.java:294:	Local variable 'error' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBOrderTrackingFormHandler.java:302:	Local variable 'error' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBOrderTrackingFormHandler.java:312:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/com/bbb/account/BBBOrderTrackingFormHandler.java:331:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pTrackOrderSuccessURL
src/com/bbb/account/BBBOrderTrackingFormHandler.java:331:	Parameter 'pTrackOrderSuccessURL' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBOrderTrackingFormHandler.java:345:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pTrackOrderErrorURL
src/com/bbb/account/BBBOrderTrackingFormHandler.java:345:	Parameter 'pTrackOrderErrorURL' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBOrderTrackingFormHandler.java:360:	Parameter 'pOrderId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBOrderTrackingFormHandler.java:374:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pOrderTrackingManager
src/com/bbb/account/BBBOrderTrackingFormHandler.java:374:	Parameter 'pOrderTrackingManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBOrderTrackingFormHandler.java:388:	Parameter 'pEmailId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBOrderTrackingFormHandler.java:402:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pOrderTrackingResponseVO
src/com/bbb/account/BBBOrderTrackingFormHandler.java:402:	Parameter 'pOrderTrackingResponseVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBOrderTrackingFormHandler.java:416:	Parameter 'pErrorMap' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBOrderTrackingManager.java:51:	The class 'BBBOrderTrackingManager' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 13).
src/com/bbb/account/BBBOrderTrackingManager.java:74:	Parameter 'pSiteContext' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBOrderTrackingManager.java:89:	Parameter 'pCatalogTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBOrderTrackingManager.java:103:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/account/BBBOrderTrackingManager.java:103:	Parameter 'pOrderId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBOrderTrackingManager.java:103:	The method 'getATGOrderTrackingDetails' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 13.
src/com/bbb/account/BBBOrderTrackingManager.java:104:	Parameter 'pEmailId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBOrderTrackingManager.java:105:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'responseVO' (lines '105'-'111').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBOrderTrackingManager.java:107:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'order' (lines '107'-'108').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBOrderTrackingManager.java:111:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'responseVO' (lines '111'-'203').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBOrderTrackingManager.java:112:	Local variable 'orderDate' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBOrderTrackingManager.java:119:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'firstName' (lines '119'-'126').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBOrderTrackingManager.java:119:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'firstName' (lines '119'-'203').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBOrderTrackingManager.java:120:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'lastName' (lines '120'-'127').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBOrderTrackingManager.java:120:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'lastName' (lines '120'-'203').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBOrderTrackingManager.java:121:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'emailIdInOrder' (lines '121'-'128').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBOrderTrackingManager.java:124:	Local variable 'contactInfo' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBOrderTrackingManager.java:126:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'firstName' (lines '126'-'203').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBOrderTrackingManager.java:127:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'lastName' (lines '127'-'203').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBOrderTrackingManager.java:131:	Using equalsIgnoreCase() is cleaner than using toUpperCase/toLowerCase().equals().
src/com/bbb/account/BBBOrderTrackingManager.java:131:	When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/com/bbb/account/BBBOrderTrackingManager.java:131:	When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/com/bbb/account/BBBOrderTrackingManager.java:136:	Local variable 'trackingInfoList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBOrderTrackingManager.java:137:	Avoid excessively long variable names like iterateTrackingInfo
src/com/bbb/account/BBBOrderTrackingManager.java:137:	Local variable 'iterateTrackingInfo' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBOrderTrackingManager.java:139:	Avoid excessively long variable names like trackingLinkVOList
src/com/bbb/account/BBBOrderTrackingManager.java:139:	Local variable 'trackingLinkVOList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBOrderTrackingManager.java:141:	Local variable 'trackingInfoObj' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBOrderTrackingManager.java:143:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/account/BBBOrderTrackingManager.java:143:	Local variable 'trackingInfo' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBOrderTrackingManager.java:147:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'carrierURL' (lines '147'-'149').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBOrderTrackingManager.java:183:	Local variable 'orderStatus' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBOrderTrackingManager.java:197:	Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/com/bbb/account/BBBOrderTrackingManager.java:197:	Local variable 'vo' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBOrderTrackingManager.java:216:	Parameter 'pEmailId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBOrderTrackingManager.java:216:	Parameter 'pOrderId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBOrderTrackingManager.java:220:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'requestVO' (lines '220'-'282').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBOrderTrackingManager.java:220:	Local variable 'requestVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBOrderTrackingManager.java:221:	Local variable 'siteId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBOrderTrackingManager.java:262:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'responseVO' (lines '262'-'264').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBOrderTrackingManager.java:267:	Avoid excessively long variable names like updatedTrackingLinkList
src/com/bbb/account/BBBOrderTrackingManager.java:267:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'updatedTrackingLinkList' (lines '267'-'282').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBOrderTrackingManager.java:267:	Local variable 'updatedTrackingLinkList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBOrderTrackingManager.java:268:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'trackingLinkVO' (lines '268'-'274').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBOrderTrackingManager.java:268:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'trackingLinkVO' (lines '268'-'282').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBOrderTrackingManager.java:270:	Local variable 'trackingLinkList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBOrderTrackingManager.java:272:	Avoid excessively long variable names like iterateTrackingLink
src/com/bbb/account/BBBOrderTrackingManager.java:272:	Local variable 'iterateTrackingLink' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBOrderTrackingManager.java:285:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'carrierURL' (lines '285'-'287').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBOrderTrackingManager.java:310:	Parameter 'pServiceName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBOrderTrackingManager.java:314:	Parameter 'pOrderId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBOrderTrackingManager.java:320:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'order' (lines '320'-'324').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBOrderTrackingManager.java:324:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'order' (lines '324'-'349').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBOrderTrackingManager.java:329:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/com/bbb/account/BBBOrderTrackingManager.java:362:	Parameter 'orderTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBOrderTrackingManager.java:377:	Parameter 'pShippingCarriers' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:1:	A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:1:	High amount of different objects as members denotes a high coupling
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:1:	This class has a bunch of public methods and attributes
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:101:	Avoid really long classes.
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:101:	The class 'BBBProfileFormHandler' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 57).
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:101:	The type has an NCSS line count of 2770
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:101:	This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:101:	Too many fields
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:103:	Avoid excessively long variable names like FORCE_PASSWORD_CHANGE_REQUEST
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:103:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'FORCE_PASSWORD_CHANGE_REQUEST'.
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:105:	Avoid excessively long variable names like FACEBOOK_SECURITY_STATUS
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:107:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ADD_ITEM_TO_GIFT_LIST
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:108:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ADD_ITEM_TO_WISH_LIST
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:114:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SEND_REGISTRATION_EMAIL
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:117:	Avoid excessively long variable names like BUSINESS_EXCEPTION_ERROR_IN_HANDLE_UPDATE
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:123:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CREDIT_CARD_NUMBER
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:129:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERROR_OCCURED_WHILE_UPDATING_THE_LOGIN_ATTEMP_COUNT
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:130:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERROR_RECEIVED_FORGET_PASSWORD_RESPONSE_VO
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:131:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERROR_RECLAIM_ACCOUNT
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:133:	Avoid excessively long variable names like EXCEPTION_BAZAAR_VOICE_KEY_NOT_FOUND_FOR_SITE
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:134:	Avoid excessively long variable names like EXCEPTION_BBB_PROFILE_FORM_HANDLER_END_TRANSACTION
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:135:	Avoid excessively long variable names like EXCEPTION_BBB_PROFILE_FORM_HANDLER_HANDLE_DEFAULT_BILLING_ADDRESS
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:136:	Avoid excessively long variable names like EXCEPTION_CHECK_USER_TOKEN_BVRR
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:137:	Avoid excessively long variable names like EXCEPTION_ERROR_IN_HANDLE_UPDATE
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:138:	Avoid excessively long variable names like EXCEPTION_GENERIC_REMOVE_ADDRESS
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:139:	Avoid excessively long variable names like EXCEPTION_GIFT_REGISTRY_MANAGER_UPDATE_PROFILE_REGISTRIES_STATUS
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:140:	Avoid excessively long variable names like EXCEPTION_HANDLE_DEFAULT_SHIPPING_ADDRESS
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:141:	Avoid excessively long variable names like EXCEPTION_HANDLE_EDIT_CARD
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:142:	Avoid excessively long variable names like EXCEPTION_HANDLE_MAKE_DEFAULT_CREDIT_CARD
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:143:	Avoid excessively long variable names like EXCEPTION_HANDLE_REGISTRATION
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:144:	Avoid excessively long variable names like EXCEPTION_HANDLE_REMOVE_CARD
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:145:	Avoid excessively long variable names like EXCEPTION_HANDLE_UPDATE_CARD
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:146:	Avoid excessively long variable names like EXCEPTION_OCCURED_WHILE_FETCHING_CONFIG_VALUE_FOR_CONFIG_KEY
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:147:	Avoid excessively long variable names like EXCEPTION_POST_LOGIN_USER
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:148:	Avoid excessively long variable names like EXCEPTION_PROFILE_REGISTRATION_TIBCO_EMAIL_TAG_KEY_NOT_FOUND
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:149:	Avoid excessively long variable names like EXCEPTION_UPDATE_CHECKOUT_DEFAULT_VALUES
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:155:	Avoid excessively long variable names like FROM_POST_CREATE_USER
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:156:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GENERIC_REMOVE_ADDRESS_METHOD
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:157:	Avoid excessively long variable names like HANDLE_CHECKOUT_DEFAULTS_METHOD
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:158:	Avoid excessively long variable names like HANDLE_CREATE_NEW_CREDIT_CARD_AND_ADDRESS_METHOD
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:159:	Avoid excessively long variable names like HANDLE_DEFAULT_BILLING_ADDRESS_METHOD
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:160:	Avoid excessively long variable names like HANDLE_DEFAULT_SHIPPING_ADDRESS_METHOD
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:161:	Avoid excessively long variable names like HANDLE_EXTEND_ACCOUNT
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:163:	Avoid excessively long variable names like HANDLE_LEGACY_FORGET_PASSWORD
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:164:	Avoid excessively long variable names like HANDLE_MAKE_DEFAULT_BILLING_ADDRESS_METHOD
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:165:	Avoid excessively long variable names like HANDLE_REMOVE_ADDRESS_METHOD
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:166:	Avoid excessively long variable names like HANDLE_UPDATE_ADDRESS_METHOD
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:167:	Avoid excessively long variable names like HANDLE_VALIDATE_AND_EXTEND_ACCOUNT
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:176:	Avoid excessively long variable names like NEW_BILLING_ADDRESS
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:183:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PROFILE_REGISTRATION_TIBCO_EMAIL_TAG
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:184:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PROPERTY_NOT_FOUND
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:185:	Avoid excessively long variable names like RECLAIM_ACCOUNT_DISP_ERROR_FORGET_PASSWORD
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:186:	Avoid excessively long variable names like RECLAIM_ACCOUNT_INVALID_EMAIL
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:187:	Avoid excessively long variable names like RECLAIM_ACCOUNT_NOT_FOUND
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:188:	Avoid excessively long variable names like RECLAIM_ACCOUNT_RESPONSE_VO
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:189:	Avoid excessively long variable names like RECLAIM_ACCOUNT_TECH_ERROR_FORGET_PASSWORD
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:190:	Avoid excessively long variable names like RECLAIM_ACCOUNT_TECH_ERROR_RECLAIM_ACCOUNT
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:191:	Avoid excessively long variable names like RECLAIM_ACCOUNT_UNABLETO_RECLAIM
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:196:	Avoid excessively long variable names like TRANSACTION_DEMARCATION
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:197:	Avoid excessively long variable names like TRANSACTION_DEMARCATION_ERROR_IN_COMMITING_TRANSACTION
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:199:	Avoid excessively long variable names like UPDATE_DEFAULT_BILLING_ADDRESS_METHOD
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:200:	Avoid excessively long variable names like WHILE_ADDING_ITEM_TO_THE_GIFT_REGISTRY
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:204:	Avoid excessively long variable names like registrationTemplateEmailInfo
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:207:	Avoid excessively long variable names like facebookProfileTool
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:208:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mGiftRegistryManager
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:211:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mShippingGroupMapContainer
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:221:	Avoid excessively long variable names like paymentGroupManager
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:222:	Avoid excessively long variable names like savedItemsSessionBean
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:230:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mReclaimLegacyAccountSuccessURL
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:231:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mReclaimLegacyAccountIncorrectPasswordURL
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:232:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mLegacyPasswordSuccessURL
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:234:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mReclaimLegacyIncorrectPasswordSuccessURL
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:237:	Avoid excessively long variable names like legacyPasswordPopupURL
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:244:	Avoid excessively long variable names like migratedUserPopupURL
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:250:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mUpdateCardErrorURL
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:251:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mUpdateCardSuccessURL
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:252:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mCreateCardErrorURL
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:253:	Avoid excessively long variable names like updateAddressErrorURL
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:254:	Avoid excessively long variable names like newAddressErrorURL
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:256:	Avoid excessively long variable names like updateAddressSuccessURL
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:257:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mRegistrationSuccessURL
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:258:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mRegistrationErrorURL
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:259:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mExtenstionSuccessURL
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:260:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mCreateCardSuccessURL
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:261:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mDefaultShippingAddress
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:262:	Avoid excessively long variable names like defaultBillingAddress
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:263:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mNicknameValueMapKey
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:264:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mAddressIdValueMapKey
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:265:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mNewNicknameValueMapKey
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:266:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mShippingAddressNicknameMapKey
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:271:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mPreRegisterErrorURL
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:272:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mPreRegisterSuccessURL
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:273:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mRemoveCardErrorURL
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:274:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mRemoveCardSuccessURL
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:275:	Avoid excessively long variable names like newAddressSuccessURL
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:277:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mCreditCardYearMaxLimit
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:281:	Avoid excessively long variable names like showMigratedUserPopupURL
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:283:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mSharedCheckBoxEnabled
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:287:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mChangePasswordSuccessMessage
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:288:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mLegacyForgetPasswordStatus
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:293:	Avoid excessively long variable names like saveCreditCardInfoToProfile
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:298:	Avoid excessively long variable names like userMigratedLoginProp
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:299:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mUseShippingAddressAsDefault
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:300:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mUseBillingAddressAsDefault
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:301:	Avoid excessively long variable names like autoLoginAfterChangePassword
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:307:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mBillingAddressPropertyList
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:308:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mRequiredBillingAddressPropertyList
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:310:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mAddressProperties
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:316:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mImmutableCardProperties
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:354:	Avoid excessively long variable names like showMigratedUserPopupURL
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:366:	Avoid excessively long variable names like autoLoginAfterChangePassword
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:376:	Avoid excessively long variable names like migratedUserPopupURL
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:406:	Avoid excessively long variable names like saveCreditCardInfoToProfile
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:466:	Avoid excessively long variable names like savedItemsSessionBean
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:516:	Avoid excessively long variable names like paymentGroupManager
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:556:	Avoid excessively long variable names like legacyPasswordPopupURL
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:576:	Avoid excessively long variable names like userMigratedLoginProp
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:606:	Avoid excessively long variable names like facebookProfileTool
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:636:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pReclaimLegacyIncorrectPasswordSuccessURL
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:656:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pLegacyForgetPasswordStatus
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:666:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pLegacyPasswordSuccessURL
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:686:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mRegistrationSuccessURL
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:696:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mRegistrationErrorURL
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:716:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pExtenstionSuccessURL
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:751:	A getX() method which returns a boolean should be named isX()
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:756:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pSharedCheckBoxEnabled
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:782:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pAddressProperties
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:799:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pNicknameValueMapKey
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:809:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pAddressIdValueMapKey
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:819:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pNewNicknameValueMapKey
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:829:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pShippingAddressNicknameMapKey
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:858:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pImmutableCardProperties
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:910:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pBillingAddressPropertyList
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:961:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pRequiredBillingAddressPropertyList
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:966:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pDefaultShippingAddress
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:981:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pUseShippingAddressAsDefault
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:991:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pChangePasswordSuccessMessage
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:1047:	Avoid excessively long variable names like registrationTemplateEmailInfo
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:1094:	Avoid excessively long variable names like newAddressSuccessURL
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:1108:	Avoid excessively long variable names like newAddressErrorURL
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:1122:	Avoid excessively long variable names like updateAddressSuccessURL
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:1136:	Avoid excessively long variable names like updateAddressErrorURL
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:1150:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pCreateCardSuccessURL
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:1164:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pCreateCardErrorURL
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:1178:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pUpdateCardSuccessURL
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:1193:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pUpdateCardErrorURL
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:1208:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pRemoveCardSuccessURL
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:1222:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pRemoveCardErrorURL
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:1239:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pPreRegisterSuccessURL
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:1249:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pPreRegisterErrorURL
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:1256:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pShippingGroupMapContainer
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:1335:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pGiftRegistryManager
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:1345:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pCreditCardYearMaxLimit
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:1355:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pReclaimLegacyAccountSuccessURL
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:1365:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pReclaimLegacyAccountIncorrectPasswordURL
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:1380:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pUseBillingAddressAsDefault
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:1385:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pDefaultBillingAddress
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:1396:	The method 'preUpdateUser' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 12.
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:1396:	The method preUpdateUser() has an NPath complexity of 864
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:1436:	Avoid excessively long variable names like phoneNumberProperty
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:1447:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mobileNumberProperty
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:1477:	The method 'postUpdateUser' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:1483:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isRegistryUpdated' (lines '1,483'-'1,503').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:1483:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'isRegistryUpdated' (lines '1,483'-'1,521').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:1494:	Avoid excessively long variable names like profileSyncWithAtgInfoFlag
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:1494:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'profileSyncWithAtgInfoFlag' (lines '1,494'-'1,499').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:1496:	Avoid excessively long variable names like profileSyncWithAtgInfoFlagList
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:1506:	Avoid excessively long variable names like bbbSystemException
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:1510:	Avoid excessively long variable names like bbbBusinessException
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:1529:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:1529:	The method 'preChangePassword' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 30.
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:1529:	The method preChangePassword() has an NCSS line count of 110
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:1529:	The method preChangePassword() has an NPath complexity of 14112
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:1538:	When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:1541:	Avoid excessively long variable names like oldPasswordProperty
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:1545:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'password' (lines '1,545'-'1,709').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:1548:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'firstName' (lines '1,548'-'1,559').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:1548:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'firstName' (lines '1,548'-'1,709').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:1551:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'lastName' (lines '1,551'-'1,560').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:1551:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'lastName' (lines '1,551'-'1,709').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:1558:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:1562:	The String literal "unchecked" appears 12 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 1,562
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:1577:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'firstName' (lines '1,577'-'1,709').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:1580:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'lastName' (lines '1,580'-'1,709').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:1584:	Avoid excessively long variable names like confirmPasswordProperty
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:1585:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'confirmPassword' (lines '1,585'-'1,709').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:1608:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:1626:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isValid' (lines '1,626'-'1,629').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:1680:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:1687:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:1717:	The method 'handleLegacyForgetPassword' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:1722:	Avoid excessively long variable names like forgetPasswordResponseVO
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:1771:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:1799:	The method 'handleChangePassword' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 12.
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:1813:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'email' (lines '1,813'-'1,814').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:1814:	When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:1821:	When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:1847:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:1945:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '1,945'-'1,953').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:1945:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '1,945'-'1,963').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:1953:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '1,953'-'1,963').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:1973:	The method 'validateLoginPassword' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:1978:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '1,978'-'1,986').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:1978:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '1,978'-'1,996').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:1978:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '1,978'-'2,007').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:1978:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '1,978'-'2,017').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:1978:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '1,978'-'2,034').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:1978:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '1,978'-'2,049').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:2007:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '2,007'-'2,034').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:2007:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '2,007'-'2,049').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:2017:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '2,017'-'2,034').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:2017:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '2,017'-'2,049').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:2026:	When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:2026:	When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:2027:	When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:2027:	When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:2034:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '2,034'-'2,049').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:2069:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:2069:	The method 'postCreateUser' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 45.
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:2069:	The method postCreateUser() has an NCSS line count of 106
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:2069:	The method postCreateUser() has an NPath complexity of 122429952
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:2080:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'memberId' (lines '2,080'-'2,082').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:2082:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'memberId' (lines '2,082'-'2,312').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:2085:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:2102:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'sProfileType' (lines '2,102'-'2,312').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:2103:	Avoid excessively long variable names like profileRegistrationTibcoEmailFlag
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:2120:	Avoid excessively long variable names like profileRegistrationTibcoEmailFlagList
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:2159:	Avoid excessively long variable names like reclaimAccountResponseVO
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:2232:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:2269:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:2287:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:2327:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:2387:	Avoid unused method parameters such as 'pRequest'.
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:2388:	Avoid unused method parameters such as 'pResponse'.
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:2405:	Avoid unused method parameters such as 'pRequest'.
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:2406:	Avoid unused method parameters such as 'pResponse'.
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:2410:	Avoid excessively long variable names like giftRegistryViewBean
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:2412:	Avoid excessively long variable names like addItemRedirectURL
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:2427:	Avoid unused method parameters such as 'pResponse'.
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:2427:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'key' (lines '2,427'-'2,500').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:2427:	The method 'preRegister' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 17.
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:2433:	Avoid excessively long variable names like errorPlaceHolderMap
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:2433:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'errorPlaceHolderMap' (lines '2,433'-'2,519').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:2442:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isDuplicateInput' (lines '2,442'-'2,481').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:2442:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'isDuplicateInput' (lines '2,442'-'2,519').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:2443:	When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:2445:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:2466:	Avoid excessively long variable names like tempUserMigratedLoginProp
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:2468:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:2502:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:2534:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'loginEmail' (lines '2,534'-'2,560').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:2545:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:2619:	When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:2620:	When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:2665:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:2665:	The method 'preLoginUser' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 41.
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:2665:	The method preLoginUser() has an NCSS line count of 134
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:2665:	The method preLoginUser() has an NPath complexity of 463105
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:2672:	Avoid excessively long variable names like errorPlaceHolderMap
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:2672:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'errorPlaceHolderMap' (lines '2,672'-'2,903').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:2680:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'profileItem' (lines '2,680'-'2,705').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:2680:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'profileItem' (lines '2,680'-'2,903').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:2682:	When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:2689:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'emailPattern' (lines '2,689'-'2,903').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:2698:	Avoid excessively long variable names like loginEmailFormatError
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:2711:	Avoid excessively long variable names like tempUserMigratedLoginProp
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:2713:	Avoid excessively long variable names like tempResetPasswordFlag
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:2735:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:2737:	Avoid excessively long variable names like accountLockedErrorMsg
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:2758:	Avoid excessively long variable names like accountLockedErrorMsg
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:2781:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'success' (lines '2,781'-'2,783').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:2797:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:2812:	Avoid excessively long variable names like passwordLengthError
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:2821:	Avoid empty if statements
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:2827:	Avoid excessively long variable names like passwordEmptyError
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:2835:	Avoid excessively long variable names like passwordLengthError
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:2865:	Avoid excessively long variable names like accountLockedErrorMsg
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:2875:	Avoid excessively long variable names like accountLockedErrorMsg
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:2887:	The String literal "userCheckingOut" appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 2,887
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:2912:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:2912:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'comItemObj' (lines '2,912'-'3,035').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:2912:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'itemsz' (lines '2,912'-'3,059').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:2912:	The method 'postLoginUser' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 57.
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:2912:	The method postLoginUser() has an NCSS line count of 156
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:2912:	The method postLoginUser() has an NPath complexity of 3878272
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:2916:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'startTime' (lines '2,916'-'3,181').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:2930:	Avoid excessively long variable names like errorPlaceHolderMap
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:2930:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'errorPlaceHolderMap' (lines '2,930'-'3,181').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:2933:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'profileItem' (lines '2,933'-'2,950').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:2933:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'profileItem' (lines '2,933'-'3,181').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:2935:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:2937:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:2941:	Avoid excessively long variable names like loginPasswordError
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:2950:	When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:2952:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:2976:	Avoid variables with short names like tm
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:2977:	Avoid variables with short names like td
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:3036:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:3072:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'redirectURL' (lines '3,072'-'3,181').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:3073:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'saved' (lines '3,073'-'3,181').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:3075:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:3076:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:3082:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:3089:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:3091:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:3168:	Avoid variables with short names like v
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:3168:	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:3168:	Use ArrayList instead of Vector
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:3251:	Avoid empty if statements
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:3259:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'handler' (lines '3,259'-'3,294').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:3261:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:3302:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:3302:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'registry' (lines '3,302'-'3,331').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:3302:	The method 'addToItemPostLoginUser' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 17.
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:3303:	Avoid unused method parameters such as 'pResponse'.
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:3304:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'appendCharacter' (lines '3,304'-'3,319').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:3304:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'appendCharacter' (lines '3,304'-'3,321').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:3304:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'appendCharacter' (lines '3,304'-'3,427').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:3311:	Avoid excessively long variable names like giftRegistryViewBean
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:3313:	Avoid excessively long variable names like addItemRedirectURL
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:3314:	Avoid excessively long variable names like appendStringForPopup
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:3314:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'appendStringForPopup' (lines '3,314'-'3,338').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:3314:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'appendStringForPopup' (lines '3,314'-'3,354').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:3314:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'appendStringForPopup' (lines '3,314'-'3,363').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:3316:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'siteId' (lines '3,316'-'3,427').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:3324:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'itemAdded' (lines '3,324'-'3,342').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:3324:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'itemAdded' (lines '3,324'-'3,359').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:3325:	Avoid excessively long variable names like registrySkinnyVOList
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:3338:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'appendStringForPopup' (lines '3,338'-'3,338').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:3338:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'appendStringForPopup' (lines '3,338'-'3,363').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:3342:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'itemAdded' (lines '3,342'-'3,342').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:3354:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'appendStringForPopup' (lines '3,354'-'3,363').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:3407:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'redirectURL' (lines '3,407'-'3,427').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:3409:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:3476:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:3504:	The method 'handleCreateNewCreditCardAndAddress' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 14.
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:3514:	Avoid variables with short names like tm
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:3515:	Avoid variables with short names like td
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:3515:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'td' (lines '3,515'-'3,595').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:3526:	Avoid excessively long variable names like secondaryAddrNickname
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:3527:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'cardNickname' (lines '3,527'-'3,535').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:3605:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:3605:	The method 'handleCreateNewCreditCard' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 13.
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:3614:	Avoid variables with short names like tm
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:3615:	Avoid variables with short names like td
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:3615:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'td' (lines '3,615'-'3,705').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:3626:	Avoid excessively long variable names like secondaryAddrNickname
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:3637:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'cardNickname' (lines '3,637'-'3,648').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:3644:	Avoid excessively long variable names like isMakeBillingAddress
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:3644:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isMakeBillingAddress' (lines '3,644'-'3,646').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:3723:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'newCard' (lines '3,723'-'3,754').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:3762:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'cardProp' (lines '3,762'-'3,776').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:3762:	The method 'validateCreditCardFields' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 19.
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:3763:	Avoid unused method parameters such as 'pResponse'.
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:3767:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'missingFields' (lines '3,767'-'3,812').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:3768:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'property' (lines '3,768'-'3,781').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:3768:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'property' (lines '3,768'-'3,845').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:3769:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'propertyName' (lines '3,769'-'3,776').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:3769:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'propertyName' (lines '3,769'-'3,845').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:3771:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'newCard' (lines '3,771'-'3,845').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:3789:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:3794:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:3799:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:3803:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:3808:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:3812:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'missingFields' (lines '3,812'-'3,812').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:3815:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:3817:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:3820:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:3827:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:3831:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:3836:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:3853:	Avoid unused method parameters such as 'pRequest'.
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:3853:	The method 'validateBillingAddressFields' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 22.
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:3853:	The method validateBillingAddressFields() has an NPath complexity of 17502
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:3854:	Avoid unused method parameters such as 'pResponse'.
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:3859:	Avoid excessively long variable names like addressPropertyIterator
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:3860:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'missingFields' (lines '3,860'-'3,873').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:3861:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'property' (lines '3,861'-'3,867').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:3862:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'propertyName' (lines '3,862'-'3,866').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:3873:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'missingFields' (lines '3,873'-'3,881').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:3873:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'missingFields' (lines '3,873'-'3,889').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:3873:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'missingFields' (lines '3,873'-'3,903').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:3875:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:3881:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'missingFields' (lines '3,881'-'3,889').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:3881:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'missingFields' (lines '3,881'-'3,903').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:3881:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'missingFields' (lines '3,881'-'3,910').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:3881:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'missingFields' (lines '3,881'-'3,917').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:3881:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'missingFields' (lines '3,881'-'3,948').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:3883:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:3889:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'missingFields' (lines '3,889'-'3,903').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:3889:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'missingFields' (lines '3,889'-'3,910').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:3889:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'missingFields' (lines '3,889'-'3,917').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:3889:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'missingFields' (lines '3,889'-'3,948').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:3891:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:3898:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:3903:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'missingFields' (lines '3,903'-'3,910').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:3903:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'missingFields' (lines '3,903'-'3,917').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:3903:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'missingFields' (lines '3,903'-'3,948').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:3905:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:3910:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'missingFields' (lines '3,910'-'3,917').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:3910:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'missingFields' (lines '3,910'-'3,948').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:3912:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:3917:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'missingFields' (lines '3,917'-'3,873').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:3917:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'missingFields' (lines '3,917'-'3,948').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:3919:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:3927:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:3934:	Avoid excessively long variable names like billingAddressNickname
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:3936:	Avoid excessively long variable names like secondaryAddresses
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:3996:	Avoid unused method parameters such as 'pRequest'.
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:3996:	Avoid unused method parameters such as 'pResponse'.
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:3996:	Avoid unused private methods such as 'preUpdateCard(DynamoHttpServletRequest,DynamoHttpServletResponse)'.
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:4066:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:4066:	The method 'handleUpdateCard' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 26.
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:4066:	The method handleUpdateCard() has an NPath complexity of 2964
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:4077:	Avoid variables with short names like tm
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:4078:	Avoid variables with short names like td
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:4156:	Avoid excessively long variable names like isMakeBillingAddress
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:4259:	Avoid variables with short names like tm
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:4260:	Avoid variables with short names like td
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:4311:	The method 'handleEditCard' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:4314:	Avoid variables with short names like tm
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:4315:	Avoid variables with short names like td
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:4325:	String.trim().length()==0 is an inefficient way to validate an empty String.
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:4354:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:4437:	Avoid excessively long variable names like errorPlaceHolderMap
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:4496:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:4496:	The method 'validateAddress' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 18.
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:4496:	The method validateAddress() has an NPath complexity of 13826
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:4497:	Avoid excessively long variable names like errorPlaceHolderMap
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:4505:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:4595:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:4632:	Avoid unused method parameters such as 'pRequest'.
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:4633:	Avoid unused method parameters such as 'pResponse'.
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:4666:	Avoid excessively long variable names like errorPlaceHolderMap
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:4769:	Avoid unused method parameters such as 'pResponse'.
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:4783:	Avoid excessively long variable names like transactionDemarcationException
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:4822:	Avoid unused method parameters such as 'pResponse'.
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:4826:	Avoid excessively long variable names like transactionManager
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:4827:	Avoid excessively long variable names like transactionDemarcation
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:4851:	Avoid excessively long variable names like transactionDemarcationException
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:4863:	Avoid excessively long variable names like demarcationException
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:4925:	Avoid unused method parameters such as 'pResponse'.
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:4929:	Avoid excessively long variable names like transactionManager
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:4930:	Avoid excessively long variable names like transactionDemarcation
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:4954:	Avoid excessively long variable names like transactionDemarcationException
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:4965:	Avoid excessively long variable names like demarcationException
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:4980:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mDefaultBillingAddressCode
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:5013:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mDefaultShippingAddressCode
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:5068:	Avoid excessively long variable names like creditCardProperty
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:5070:	Avoid variables with short names like tm
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:5071:	Avoid variables with short names like td
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:5074:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0) with calls to isEmpty()
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:5123:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0) with calls to isEmpty()
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:5179:	Avoid calling toString() on String objects; this is unnecessary.
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:5182:	Avoid calling toString() on String objects; this is unnecessary.
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:5193:	Avoid concatenating nonliterals in a StringBuffer/StringBuilder constructor or append().
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:5196:	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:5199:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:5220:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:5220:	The method 'handleRegistration' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 25.
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:5220:	The method handleRegistration() has an NPath complexity of 11244
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:5228:	Avoid excessively long variable names like internationalCreditCardFlag
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:5240:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:5242:	Avoid excessively long variable names like foundValidCreditCard
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:5272:	When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:5285:	Avoid excessively long variable names like registerationError
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:5309:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:5317:	Avoid variables with short names like tm
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:5318:	Avoid variables with short names like td
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:5334:	Avoid excessively long variable names like registerationError
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:5345:	Avoid excessively long variable names like registerationError
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:5369:	Avoid excessively long variable names like registerationError
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:5407:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:5410:	Avoid excessively long variable names like bbbProfileEmailAddress
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:5514:	Avoid excessively long variable names like bbbProfileEmailAddress
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:5550:	The method 'endTransaction' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:5591:	Avoid excessively long variable names like bbbProfileEmailAddress
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:5594:	Avoid variables with short names like tm
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:5595:	Avoid variables with short names like td
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:5608:	Avoid excessively long variable names like preLoginDataSource
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:5650:	The method 'sendRegistrationEmail' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 12.
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:5674:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0) with calls to isEmpty()
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:5755:	Avoid excessively long variable names like bbbSystemException
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:5761:	Avoid excessively long variable names like bbbBusinessException
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:5816:	Avoid excessively long variable names like profileSyncRequestVO
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:5867:	Avoid unused method parameters such as 'pRequest'.
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:5883:	Avoid variables with short names like tm
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:5884:	Avoid variables with short names like td
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:5912:	Avoid variables with short names like tm
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:5913:	Avoid variables with short names like td
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:5917:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shippingAddressProperty
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:5918:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shippingAddressName
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:5924:	Avoid excessively long variable names like creditCardProperty
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:5932:	Avoid excessively long variable names like defaultCarrierProperty
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:6020:	StringBuffer constructor is initialized with size 16, but has at least 2111 characters appended.
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileFormHandler.java:6096:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:17:	A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:68:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.commerce.order.BBBOrderPropertyManager'
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:68:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.commerce.order.BBBOrderPropertyManager'
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:83:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.sun.org.apache.bcel.internal.classfile.PMGClass'
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:83:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.sun.org.apache.bcel.internal.classfile.PMGClass'
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:85:	Avoid really long classes.
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:85:	The class 'BBBProfileManager' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 24).
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:85:	This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:92:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mVerifyAccountServiceName
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:93:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mGetAccountInfoServiceName
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:94:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mReclaimAccountServiceName
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:95:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mForgetPasswordServiceName
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:98:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mCreditCardAPIImpl
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:99:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mGiftRegistryManager
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:100:	Avoid excessively long variable names like UPDATE_REGISTRY_WITH_ATG_INFO
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:101:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ORDER_ITEM_DESCRIPTOR
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:122:	Parameter 'mAddressAPIImpl' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:130:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mCreditCardAPIImpl
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:130:	Parameter 'mCreditCardAPIImpl' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:138:	Parameter 'mCheckoutManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:153:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pVerifyAccountServiceName
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:153:	Parameter 'pVerifyAccountServiceName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:168:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pGetAccountInfoServiceName
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:168:	Parameter 'pGetAccountInfoServiceName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:183:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pReclaimAccountServiceName
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:183:	Parameter 'pReclaimAccountServiceName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:198:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pForgetPasswordServiceName
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:198:	Parameter 'pForgetPasswordServiceName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:213:	Parameter 'pPassword' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:228:	Parameter 'pSiteGroup' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:243:	Parameter 'pPmgr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:257:	Parameter 'pTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:272:	Parameter 'pCatalogTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:286:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pGiftRegistryManager
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:286:	Parameter 'pGiftRegistryManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:298:	Parameter 'pRepItem' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:299:	Parameter 'pSiteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:300:	Local variable 'methodName' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:305:	Local variable 'groupList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:307:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'userCurrSiteMap' (lines '307'-'336').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:307:	Local variable 'userCurrSiteMap' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:310:	Local variable 'itr' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:312:	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:313:	Local variable 'group' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:314:	Local variable 'sites' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:315:	Local variable 'site' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:317:	Local variable 'otherGroupSite' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:345:	Parameter 'pEmail' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:345:	Parameter 'pSiteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:346:	Parameter 'emailOptIn' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:346:	Parameter 'pFavStore' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:346:	Parameter 'pMemberId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:348:	Local variable 'methodName' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:353:	Local variable 'groupList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:356:	Local variable 'itrGroup' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:358:	Local variable 'groupName' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:360:	Local variable 'group' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:361:	Local variable 'sites' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:362:	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:363:	Local variable 'itr' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:365:	Local variable 'siteID' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:393:	Parameter 'pEmailId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:394:	Parameter 'pSiteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:397:	Local variable 'requestVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:399:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:412:	Local variable 'sysExc' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:417:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:431:	Local variable 'sysExc' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:441:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'responseVO' (lines '441'-'443').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:463:	Parameter 'pEmailId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:464:	Parameter 'pPassword' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:464:	Parameter 'pSiteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:470:	Avoid excessively long variable names like getAccountInfoReqVO
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:470:	Local variable 'getAccountInfoReqVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:473:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:487:	Local variable 'sysExc' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:492:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:507:	Local variable 'sysExc' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:514:	Avoid excessively long variable names like getAccountInfoResponseVO
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:514:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'getAccountInfoResponseVO' (lines '514'-'517').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:536:	Parameter 'pProfileId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:537:	Parameter 'pMemberToken' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:537:	Parameter 'pSiteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:543:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'requestVO' (lines '543'-'593').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:543:	Local variable 'requestVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:544:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:556:	Local variable 'sysExc' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:561:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:575:	Local variable 'sysExc' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:584:	Avoid excessively long variable names like reclaimAccountResponseVO
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:584:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'reclaimAccountResponseVO' (lines '584'-'587').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:605:	Parameter 'pEmailId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:606:	Parameter 'pSiteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:611:	Avoid excessively long variable names like forgetPasswordReqVO
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:611:	Local variable 'forgetPasswordReqVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:613:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:627:	Local variable 'sysExc' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:632:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:647:	Local variable 'sysExc' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:654:	Avoid excessively long variable names like forgetPasswordResponseVO
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:654:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'forgetPasswordResponseVO' (lines '654'-'657').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:665:	Parameter 'pProfile' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:665:	The method 'removeAddressForProfile' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 14.
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:665:	The method removeAddressForProfile() has an NPath complexity of 264
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:666:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pSetDefaultShippingAddress
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:666:	Parameter 'pAddressNickName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:666:	Parameter 'pSetDefaultShippingAddress' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:667:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pSetDefaultBillingAddress
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:667:	Parameter 'pSetDefaultBillingAddress' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:669:	Avoid excessively long variable names like transactionManager
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:669:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'transactionManager' (lines '669'-'674').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:671:	Local variable 'profileTools' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:672:	Local variable 'profileRepos' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:677:	Avoid excessively long variable names like transactionDemarcation
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:677:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'transactionDemarcation' (lines '677'-'749').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:677:	Local variable 'transactionDemarcation' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:692:	Local variable 'profile' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:695:	Local variable 'purgeAddress' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:705:	Local variable 'profileAddresses' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:709:	Local variable 'firstAddress' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:719:	Local variable 'profileAddresses' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:723:	Local variable 'firstAddress' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:733:	Avoid excessively long variable names like transactionDemarcationException
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:751:	Parameter 'pEditValue' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:751:	Parameter 'pProfile' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:751:	The method 'updateAddressForProfile' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 16.
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:752:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pSetDefaultShippingAddress
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:752:	Parameter 'pSetDefaultShippingAddress' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:753:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pNicknameValueMapKey
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:753:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pSetDefaultBillingAddress
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:753:	Parameter 'pNicknameValueMapKey' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:753:	Parameter 'pSetDefaultBillingAddress' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:754:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pNewNicknameValueMapKey
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:754:	Parameter 'pNewNicknameValueMapKey' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:756:	Avoid excessively long variable names like transactionManager
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:756:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'transactionManager' (lines '756'-'763').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:760:	Local variable 'profileTools' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:761:	Local variable 'profileRepos' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:767:	Avoid excessively long variable names like transactionDemarcation
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:767:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'transactionDemarcation' (lines '767'-'845').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:767:	Local variable 'transactionDemarcation' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:775:	Local variable 'nickname' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:776:	Local variable 'newNickname' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:780:	Local variable 'addressObject' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:783:	Local variable 'oldAddress' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:792:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:857:	Parameter 'pProfile' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:858:	Parameter 'pNewAddressName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:858:	Parameter 'pOldAddressName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:860:	Local variable 'profileTools' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:861:	Local variable 'cpmgr' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:863:	Avoid excessively long variable names like secondaryAddresses
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:863:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'secondaryAddresses' (lines '863'-'878').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:863:	Local variable 'secondaryAddresses' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:865:	Local variable 'address' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:880:	Parameter 'mNewAddress' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:880:	Parameter 'pProfile' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:880:	The method 'addAddressForProfile' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 14.
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:881:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pSetDefaultShippingAddress
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:881:	Parameter 'pSetDefaultShippingAddress' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:882:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pNicknameValueMapKey
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:882:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pSetDefaultBillingAddress
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:882:	Parameter 'pNicknameValueMapKey' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:882:	Parameter 'pSetDefaultBillingAddress' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:884:	Avoid excessively long variable names like transactionManager
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:884:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'transactionManager' (lines '884'-'889').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:886:	Local variable 'profileTools' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:887:	Local variable 'profileRepos' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:893:	Avoid excessively long variable names like transactionDemarcation
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:893:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'transactionDemarcation' (lines '893'-'964').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:893:	Local variable 'transactionDemarcation' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:895:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'nickname' (lines '895'-'896').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:909:	Local variable 'addressObject' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:949:	Avoid excessively long variable names like demarcationException
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:958:	Avoid excessively long variable names like eTransactionDemarcationException
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:966:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'cardInfo' (lines '966'-'1,024').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:966:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'shippingAddress' (lines '966'-'981').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:966:	Parameter 'bOrder' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:966:	Parameter 'pProfile' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:966:	The method 'checkoutRegistration' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 24.
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:966:	The method checkoutRegistration() has an NPath complexity of 1092
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:967:	Avoid excessively long variable names like isPreSelectedAddress
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:967:	Parameter 'isPreSelectedAddress' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:967:	Parameter 'siteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:969:	Local variable 'billingAddress' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:971:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shippingAddressList
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:971:	Local variable 'shippingAddressList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:974:	Avoid excessively long variable names like isBillingShippingAddress
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:974:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isBillingShippingAddress' (lines '974'-'984').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:975:	Avoid excessively long variable names like billingAddressAdded
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:975:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'billingAddressAdded' (lines '975'-'985').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:975:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'billingAddressAdded' (lines '975'-'991').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:976:	Avoid excessively long variable names like saveCreditCardToProfile
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:976:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'saveCreditCardToProfile' (lines '976'-'993').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:978:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:980:	Local variable 'shippingAddress' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:985:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'billingAddressAdded' (lines '985'-'985').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:985:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'billingAddressAdded' (lines '985'-'991').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:988:	Local variable 'req' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:989:	Local variable 'isIntl' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:991:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'billingAddressAdded' (lines '991'-'985').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:991:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'billingAddressAdded' (lines '991'-'991').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:993:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'saveCreditCardToProfile' (lines '993'-'993').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:997:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isBillingShippingAddress' (lines '997'-'984').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:997:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'isBillingShippingAddress' (lines '997'-'1,052').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:1001:	Local variable 'req' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:1002:	Local variable 'isIntl' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:1021:	Local variable 'cardInfoList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:1023:	Local variable 'cardInfo' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:1034:	Local variable 'repository' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:1039:	Local variable 'orderProfileId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:1040:	Local variable 'profileId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:1048:	Avoid excessively long variable names like repositoryException
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:1063:	Parameter 'pCurrSite' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:1063:	Parameter 'pProfile' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:1064:	Parameter 'pId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:1064:	Parameter 'pProperty' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:1069:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'status' (lines '1,069'-'1,084').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:1072:	Local variable 'siteMap' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:1074:	Local variable 'siteItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:1077:	Local variable 'repo' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:1079:	Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:1105:	Parameter 'mEmail' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:1105:	Parameter 'mSiteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:1105:	The method 'isOldAccountValid' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 16.
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:1105:	The method isOldAccountValid() has an NPath complexity of 282
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:1106:	Parameter 'mPassword' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:1115:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'reqVO' (lines '1,115'-'1,170').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:1115:	Local variable 'reqVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:1116:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'siteFlag' (lines '1,116'-'1,125').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:1117:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'userToken' (lines '1,117'-'1,137').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:1148:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:1155:	Local variable 'resVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:1179:	Parameter 'pEmail' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:1179:	Parameter 'pPassword' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:1183:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:1185:	Local variable 'bbbUserProfile' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:1185:	When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:1188:	Local variable 'mutableBBBProfile' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:1193:	Local variable 'encrypted' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:1194:	When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:1200:	Avoid excessively long variable names like profileItemDescriptor
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:1200:	Local variable 'profileItemDescriptor' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:1225:	Parameter 'pEmail' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:1231:	Local variable 'bbbUserProfile' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:1231:	When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:1235:	Local variable 'mutableBBBProfile' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:1243:	Avoid excessively long variable names like profileItemDescriptor
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:1243:	Local variable 'profileItemDescriptor' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:1270:	The method 'sendProfileRegistrationTibcoEmail' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 15.
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:1270:	The method sendProfileRegistrationTibcoEmail() has an NPath complexity of 18432
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:1272:	Local variable 'methodName' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:1350:	Avoid excessively long variable names like profileSyncRequestVO
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:1350:	Parameter 'pProfileItem' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:1350:	Parameter 'pSiteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:1350:	Parameter 'profileSyncRequestVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:1355:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'success' (lines '1,355'-'1,383').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:1358:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'userToken' (lines '1,358'-'1,362').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:1360:	Local variable 'userTokenList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:1368:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'siteFlag' (lines '1,368'-'1,372').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:1370:	Local variable 'siteFlagList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:1381:	Avoid excessively long variable names like profileSyncResponseVO
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileManager.java:1381:	Local variable 'profileSyncResponseVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:16:	A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:16:	This class has a bunch of public methods and attributes
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:81:	Avoid really long classes.
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:81:	The class 'BBBProfileTools' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 5 (Highest = 33).
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:81:	This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:83:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mSendEmailInSeparateThread
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:85:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mTemplateEmailSender
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:89:	Avoid excessively long variable names like maxFailAttemptCount
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:90:	Avoid excessively long variable names like unlockTimeInterval
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:103:	Parameter 'fbProfileTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:118:	Parameter 'pCatalogTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:128:	Avoid excessively long variable names like maxFailAttemptCountList
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:128:	Local variable 'maxFailAttemptCountList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:144:	Avoid excessively long variable names like unlockTimeIntervalList
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:144:	Local variable 'unlockTimeIntervalList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:168:	Parameter 'pSiteGroup' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:183:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mSendEmailInSeparateThread
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:183:	Parameter 'mSendEmailInSeparateThread' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:199:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mTemplateEmailSender
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:199:	Parameter 'mTemplateEmailSender' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:214:	Parameter 'mPersistEmails' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:236:	Parameter 'pPlaceUtils' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:242:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mShippingAddressClassName
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:254:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pShippingAddressClassName
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:254:	Parameter 'pShippingAddressClassName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:260:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mBillingAddressClassName
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:260:	Private field 'mBillingAddressClassName' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:288:	The String literal "rawtypes" appears 8 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 288
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:288:	The String literal "unchecked" appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 288
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:289:	Parameter 'pEmailId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:289:	Parameter 'pSiteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:289:	The method 'createSiteItem' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 13.
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:290:	Parameter 'emailOptIn' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:290:	Parameter 'pFavStore' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:290:	Parameter 'pMemberId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:290:	Parameter 'profile' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:298:	Avoid excessively long variable names like siteItemsRepository
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:298:	Local variable 'siteItemsRepository' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:321:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'userItem' (lines '321'-'324').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:321:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'userItem' (lines '321'-'326').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:371:	Parameter 'pEmail' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:372:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'status' (lines '372'-'386').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:372:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'status' (lines '372'-'399').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:373:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'returnStatus' (lines '373'-'383').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:373:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'returnStatus' (lines '373'-'390').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:373:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'returnStatus' (lines '373'-'392').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:373:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'returnStatus' (lines '373'-'394').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:373:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'returnStatus' (lines '373'-'399').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:380:	Local variable 'bbbProfile' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:380:	When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:383:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'returnStatus' (lines '383'-'390').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:383:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'returnStatus' (lines '383'-'392').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:383:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'returnStatus' (lines '383'-'394').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:412:	Parameter 'pEmail' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:412:	Parameter 'pSiteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:416:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isDuplicate' (lines '416'-'424').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:418:	Local variable 'userItemFromEmail' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:421:	Local variable 'userSiteMap' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:442:	Parameter 'pEmail' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:446:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isDuplicate' (lines '446'-'454').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:448:	Local variable 'userItemFromEmail' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:451:	Local variable 'userSiteMap' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:475:	Parameter 'pEmail' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:475:	Parameter 'pLogin' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:476:	Parameter 'pProfileType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:480:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'users' (lines '480'-'485').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:482:	Local variable 'user' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:485:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'users' (lines '485'-'486').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:510:	Parameter 'pTemplateParams' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:510:	Parameter 'users' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:511:	Parameter 'pTemplateInfo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:542:	Parameter 'pProfile' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:543:	Parameter 'pAddressName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:547:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:547:	Local variable 'addressItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:567:	Parameter 'pPmgr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:579:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:579:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'order' (lines '579'-'579').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:579:	Parameter 'pRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:579:	The method 'postLoginUser' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 33.
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:579:	The method postLoginUser() has an NPath complexity of 872
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:580:	Parameter 'pProfile' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:580:	Parameter 'pResponse' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:581:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pPricingModelHolder
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:581:	Parameter 'pPricingModelHolder' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:581:	Parameter 'pShoppingCart' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:591:	Local variable 'startTime' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:592:	Local variable 'methodName' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:593:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isMonitorCanceled' (lines '593'-'675').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:598:	Local variable 'requestParam' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:601:	Avoid variables with short names like om
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:601:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'om' (lines '601'-'774').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:601:	Local variable 'om' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:611:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'tempRegistryMap' (lines '611'-'614').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:611:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'tempRegistryMap' (lines '611'-'774').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:614:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'tempRegistryMap' (lines '614'-'774').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:617:	Avoid excessively long variable names like tempCurrentOrderId
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:617:	Local variable 'tempCurrentOrderId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:623:	Local variable 'order' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:675:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isMonitorCanceled' (lines '675'-'683').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:709:	Local variable 'order' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:746:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:747:	Local variable 'order' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:766:	Local variable 'totalTime' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:778:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'order' (lines '778'-'778').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:778:	Parameter 'pProfile' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:779:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pUserPricingModels
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:779:	Parameter 'pShoppingCart' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:779:	Parameter 'pUserPricingModels' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:780:	Parameter 'pLocale' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:782:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'startTime' (lines '782'-'840').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:782:	Local variable 'startTime' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:783:	Local variable 'methodName' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:784:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isMonitorCanceled' (lines '784'-'804').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:801:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:814:	Local variable 'order' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:830:	Local variable 'totalTime' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:918:	Parameter 'pProfile' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:919:	Parameter 'pNickname' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:927:	Avoid variables with short names like pm
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:927:	Local variable 'pm' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:928:	Local variable 'creditCards' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:930:	Local variable 'creditCard' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:966:	Parameter 'pProfile' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:967:	Local variable 'bpm' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:968:	Avoid excessively long variable names like defaultCreditCardPropertyName
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:968:	Local variable 'defaultCreditCardPropertyName' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:970:	Avoid variables with short names like cc
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:970:	Local variable 'cc' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1110:	Parameter 'pProfile' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1111:	Local variable 'defaultAddress' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1112:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1123:	Parameter 'pProfile' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1124:	Local variable 'defaultAddress' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1125:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1178:	Parameter 'pItem' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1180:	Local variable 'address' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1186:	Local variable 'src' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1257:	Parameter 'pNewCreditCard' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1257:	Parameter 'pProfile' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1258:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pCreditCardNickname
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1258:	Parameter 'pBillingAddress' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1258:	Parameter 'pCreditCardNickname' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1259:	Parameter 'pAddressNickname' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1259:	Parameter 'pIsNewAddress' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1260:	Avoid excessively long variable names like isPreferredBilling
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1260:	Parameter 'isPreferredBilling' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1272:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isDefShippAddr' (lines '1,272'-'1,275').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1273:	Local variable 'addresses' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1277:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'secondaryAddress' (lines '1,277'-'1,296').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1288:	Local variable 'addressObject' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1313:	Parameter 'pProfile' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1314:	Parameter 'pAddressName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1317:	Local variable 'propertyManager' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1318:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1318:	Local variable 'addressItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1336:	Parameter 'pRepItem' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1337:	Parameter 'pSiteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1340:	Local variable 'groupList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1342:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'userCurrSiteMap' (lines '1,342'-'1,366').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1342:	Local variable 'userCurrSiteMap' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1345:	Local variable 'itr' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1348:	Local variable 'group' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1349:	Local variable 'sites' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1350:	Local variable 'site' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1352:	Local variable 'otherGroupSite' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1379:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'key' (lines '1,379'-'1,398').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1379:	Parameter 'pCurrSite' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1379:	Parameter 'pProfile' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1379:	The method 'updateSiteItem' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1380:	Parameter 'propertyMap' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1383:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'status' (lines '1,383'-'1,410').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1386:	Local variable 'siteMap' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1388:	Local variable 'siteItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1391:	Local variable 'repo' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1393:	Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1397:	Local variable 'key' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1427:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'key' (lines '1,427'-'1,449').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1427:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'siteName' (lines '1,427'-'1,444').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1427:	Parameter 'pProfile' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1427:	Parameter 'propertyMap' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1427:	The method 'updateSiteItem' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1430:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'updatedSiteItems' (lines '1,430'-'1,441').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1436:	Local variable 'siteMap' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1437:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'mutableBBBProfile' (lines '1,437'-'1,470').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1437:	Local variable 'mutableBBBProfile' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1442:	Local variable 'siteName' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1444:	Local variable 'oldSiteItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1445:	Local variable 'mutableSite' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1448:	Local variable 'key' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1477:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'sisterSiteName' (lines '1,477'-'1,484').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1477:	Parameter 'userProfile' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1479:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'emailOptInFlag' (lines '1,479'-'1,489').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1479:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'emailOptInFlag' (lines '1,479'-'1,491').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1479:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'emailOptInFlag' (lines '1,479'-'1,494').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1481:	Local variable 'userSites' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1483:	Local variable 'sisterSiteName' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1484:	Local variable 'sisterSite' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1486:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1487:	Local variable 'emailOptInValue' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1507:	Parameter 'pOrder' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1507:	Parameter 'pProfile' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1508:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pUserPricingModels
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1508:	Parameter 'pLocale' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1508:	Parameter 'pUserPricingModels' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1509:	Parameter 'pPricingOperation' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1510:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'startTime' (lines '1,510'-'1,535').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1510:	Local variable 'startTime' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1511:	Local variable 'methodName' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1512:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isMonitorCanceled' (lines '1,512'-'1,519').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1519:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'isMonitorCanceled' (lines '1,519'-'1,535').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1525:	Local variable 'totalTime' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1538:	Parameter 'pProfile' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1539:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pUserPricingModels
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1539:	Parameter 'pShoppingCart' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1539:	Parameter 'pUserPricingModels' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1540:	Parameter 'pLocale' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1540:	Parameter 'pPricingOperation' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1541:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'startTime' (lines '1,541'-'1,566').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1541:	Local variable 'startTime' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1542:	Local variable 'methodName' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1543:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isMonitorCanceled' (lines '1,543'-'1,550').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1550:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'isMonitorCanceled' (lines '1,550'-'1,566').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1557:	Local variable 'totalTime' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1569:	Parameter 'pOrder' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1570:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'startTime' (lines '1,570'-'1,593').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1570:	Local variable 'startTime' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1571:	Local variable 'methodName' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1572:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isMonitorCanceled' (lines '1,572'-'1,578').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1578:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'isMonitorCanceled' (lines '1,578'-'1,593').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1584:	Local variable 'totalTime' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1595:	Parameter 'pProfile' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1600:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'generatedPassword' (lines '1,600'-'1,609').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1600:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'generatedPassword' (lines '1,600'-'1,632').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1602:	Avoid variables with short names like i
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1616:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'i' (lines '1,616'-'1,632').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1620:	Local variable 'loginPropertyName' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1621:	Avoid excessively long variable names like passwordPropertyName
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1621:	Local variable 'passwordPropertyName' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1622:	Avoid excessively long variable names like generatedPwdPropertyName
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1622:	Local variable 'generatedPwdPropertyName' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1623:	Local variable 'repository' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1624:	Local variable 'mutItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1644:	Parameter 'pProfile' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1650:	Local variable 'billingAddresses' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1658:	Avoid excessively long variable names like defaultBillingAddress
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1658:	Local variable 'defaultBillingAddress' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1675:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'address' (lines '1,675'-'1,684').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1675:	Parameter 'addressId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1675:	Parameter 'pProfile' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1677:	Local variable 'allAddresses' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1683:	Local variable 'address' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1698:	Parameter 'pProfile' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1698:	Parameter 'resetFlag' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1698:	The method 'updateLoginAttemptCount' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 12.
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1704:	Avoid excessively long variable names like loginFailAttemptCount
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1704:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'loginFailAttemptCount' (lines '1,704'-'1,720').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1704:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'loginFailAttemptCount' (lines '1,704'-'1,733').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1704:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'loginFailAttemptCount' (lines '1,704'-'1,739').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1705:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'systemDate' (lines '1,705'-'1,722').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1706:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'accountLockDetail' (lines '1,706'-'1,717').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1707:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mutableRepositoryItem
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1707:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'mutableRepositoryItem' (lines '1,707'-'1,745').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1707:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'mutableRepositoryItem' (lines '1,707'-'1,753').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1708:	Local variable 'currentSystemTime' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1709:	Avoid excessively long variable names like currentSystemTimeinMills
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1709:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'currentSystemTimeinMills' (lines '1,709'-'1,779').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1709:	Local variable 'currentSystemTimeinMills' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1710:	Avoid excessively long variable names like unlockTimeIntervalinMills
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1710:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'unlockTimeIntervalinMills' (lines '1,710'-'1,779').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1710:	Local variable 'unlockTimeIntervalinMills' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1711:	Avoid excessively long variable names like lastLoginFailAttemptTimeinMills
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1711:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'lastLoginFailAttemptTimeinMills' (lines '1,711'-'1,726').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1711:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'lastLoginFailAttemptTimeinMills' (lines '1,711'-'1,779').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1712:	Avoid excessively long variable names like loginFailAttemptTime
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1712:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'loginFailAttemptTime' (lines '1,712'-'1,725').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1712:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'loginFailAttemptTime' (lines '1,712'-'1,779').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1713:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'continueFlag' (lines '1,713'-'1,728').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1713:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'continueFlag' (lines '1,713'-'1,779').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1733:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'loginFailAttemptCount' (lines '1,733'-'1,739').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1762:	Local variable 'userItemDesc' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1763:	Local variable 'profileItemDesc' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1787:	Parameter 'pProfile' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1792:	Avoid excessively long variable names like loginFailAttemptCount
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1792:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'loginFailAttemptCount' (lines '1,792'-'1,810').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1792:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'loginFailAttemptCount' (lines '1,792'-'1,836').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1793:	Avoid excessively long variable names like loginFailAttemptTime
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1793:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'loginFailAttemptTime' (lines '1,793'-'1,813').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1793:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'loginFailAttemptTime' (lines '1,793'-'1,836').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1794:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isLocked' (lines '1,794'-'1,807').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1794:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isLocked' (lines '1,794'-'1,819').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1796:	Local variable 'currentSystemTime' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1797:	Avoid excessively long variable names like currentSystemTimeinMills
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1797:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'currentSystemTimeinMills' (lines '1,797'-'1,836').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1797:	Local variable 'currentSystemTimeinMills' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1798:	Avoid excessively long variable names like unlockTimeIntervalinMills
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1798:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'unlockTimeIntervalinMills' (lines '1,798'-'1,836').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1798:	Local variable 'unlockTimeIntervalinMills' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1799:	Avoid excessively long variable names like lastLoginFailAttemptTimeinMills
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1799:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'lastLoginFailAttemptTimeinMills' (lines '1,799'-'1,814').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1799:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'lastLoginFailAttemptTimeinMills' (lines '1,799'-'1,836').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBProfileTools.java:1800:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'accountLockDetail' (lines '1,800'-'1,804').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBStoreSessionDroplet.java:45:	The class 'BBBStoreSessionDroplet' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 12).
src/com/bbb/account/BBBStoreSessionDroplet.java:61:	Parameter 'pCatalogTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBStoreSessionDroplet.java:76:	Parameter 'pProfile' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBStoreSessionDroplet.java:91:	Parameter 'pReq' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBStoreSessionDroplet.java:91:	The method 'service' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 12.
src/com/bbb/account/BBBStoreSessionDroplet.java:92:	Parameter 'pRes' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBStoreSessionDroplet.java:95:	Local variable 'profileId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBStoreSessionDroplet.java:97:	Local variable 'currSite' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBStoreSessionDroplet.java:98:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'status' (lines '98'-'116').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBStoreSessionDroplet.java:98:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'status' (lines '98'-'150').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBStoreSessionDroplet.java:100:	Local variable 'map' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBStoreSessionDroplet.java:102:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'item' (lines '102'-'150').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBStoreSessionDroplet.java:102:	Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBStoreSessionDroplet.java:104:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'token' (lines '104'-'150').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBStoreSessionDroplet.java:104:	Local variable 'token' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBStoreSessionDroplet.java:106:	Local variable 'repo' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBStoreSessionDroplet.java:109:	Local variable 'currentDate' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBStoreSessionDroplet.java:122:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'hhURL' (lines '122'-'129').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBStoreSessionDroplet.java:129:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'hhURL' (lines '129'-'130').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBStoreSessionDroplet.java:130:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/com/bbb/account/BBBStoreSessionDroplet.java:167:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'hartnHanksURL' (lines '167'-'177').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBStoreSessionDroplet.java:169:	Local variable 'request' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBStoreSessionDroplet.java:170:	Local variable 'response' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBStoreSessionDroplet.java:172:	Local variable 'siteId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/BBBStoreSessionDroplet.java:177:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'hartnHanksURL' (lines '177'-'189').
src/com/bbb/account/BBBStoreSessionDroplet.java:182:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/com/bbb/account/BBBStoreSessionDroplet.java:185:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/com/bbb/account/GetCouponsDroplet.java:45:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mTermConditionItmKey
src/com/bbb/account/GetCouponsDroplet.java:59:	Parameter 'pSiteContext' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/GetCouponsDroplet.java:76:	Parameter 'pMediaItmKey' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/GetCouponsDroplet.java:92:	Parameter 'pCatalogTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/GetCouponsDroplet.java:108:	Parameter 'pCouponsManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/GetCouponsDroplet.java:124:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pTermConditionItmKey
src/com/bbb/account/GetCouponsDroplet.java:124:	Parameter 'pTermConditionItmKey' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/GetCouponsDroplet.java:139:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'couponListVo' (lines '139'-'176').
src/com/bbb/account/GetCouponsDroplet.java:139:	Parameter 'pRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/GetCouponsDroplet.java:140:	Parameter 'pResponse' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/GetCouponsDroplet.java:145:	Local variable 'emailAddr' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/GetCouponsDroplet.java:146:	Local variable 'mobilePhone' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/GetCouponsDroplet.java:148:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'mCouponList' (lines '148'-'171').
src/com/bbb/account/GetCouponsDroplet.java:148:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'mCouponList' (lines '148'-'202').
src/com/bbb/account/GetCouponsDroplet.java:152:	Local variable 'couponResponseVo' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/GetCouponsDroplet.java:155:	Local variable 'errStatus' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/GetCouponsDroplet.java:160:	The String literal "err_mycoupons_system_error" appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 160
src/com/bbb/account/GetCouponsDroplet.java:160:	The String literal "systemerror" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 160
src/com/bbb/account/GetCouponsDroplet.java:161:	The String literal "error" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 161
src/com/bbb/account/GetCouponsDroplet.java:175:	Local variable 'couponListVo' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/GetCouponsDroplet.java:176:	Local variable 'code' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/GetCouponsDroplet.java:177:	Local variable 'promId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/GetCouponsDroplet.java:187:	Avoid excessively long variable names like bbbBusinessException
src/com/bbb/account/GetCouponsDroplet.java:191:	Avoid excessively long variable names like bbbSystemException
src/com/bbb/account/GetCouponsDroplet.java:210:	Parameter 'couponListVo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/GetCouponsDroplet.java:211:	Parameter 'promId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/GetCouponsDroplet.java:233:	Parameter 'couponListVo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/GetCouponsDroplet.java:233:	Parameter 'promo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/GetCouponsDroplet.java:237:	Local variable 'mediaMap' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/GetCouponsDroplet.java:238:	Local variable 'promoDesription' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/GetCouponsDroplet.java:241:	Local variable 'mediaIteam' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/GetCouponsDroplet.java:244:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/account/GetCouponsDroplet.java:252:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/account/PasswordMaxLengthRule.java:25:	Parameter 'pMaxLength' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/PasswordMaxLengthRule.java:30:	Parameter 'map' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/PasswordMaxLengthRule.java:30:	Parameter 'password' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/PasswordMaxLengthRule.java:32:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'passed' (lines '32'-'39').
src/com/bbb/account/PasswordMaxLengthRule.java:32:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'passed' (lines '32'-'42').
src/com/bbb/account/PasswordMaxLengthRule.java:46:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'params' (lines '46'-'50').
src/com/bbb/account/PasswordMaxLengthRule.java:46:	Local variable 'params' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/PasswordMustNotIncludeCharacterRule.java:16:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mNotRequiredCharacterList
src/com/bbb/account/PasswordMustNotIncludeCharacterRule.java:18:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mLblTxtTemplateManager
src/com/bbb/account/PasswordMustNotIncludeCharacterRule.java:28:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pNotRequiredCharacterList
src/com/bbb/account/PasswordMustNotIncludeCharacterRule.java:33:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'passed' (lines '33'-'44').
src/com/bbb/account/PasswordMustNotIncludeCharacterRule.java:33:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'passed' (lines '33'-'49').
src/com/bbb/account/PasswordMustNotIncludeCharacterRule.java:64:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pLblTxtTemplateManager
src/com/bbb/account/api/BBBAddressAPI.java:14:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/account/api/BBBAddressAPI.java:17:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/account/api/BBBAddressAPI.java:20:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/account/api/BBBAddressAPI.java:23:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/account/api/BBBAddressAPI.java:26:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/account/api/BBBAddressAPI.java:29:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/account/api/BBBAddressAPI.java:30:	Avoid excessively long variable names like isDefaultBillingAddress
src/com/bbb/account/api/BBBAddressAPI.java:32:	Avoid excessively long variable names like isDefaultBillingAddress
src/com/bbb/account/api/BBBAddressAPI.java:32:	Avoid excessively long variable names like isDefaultShippingAddress
src/com/bbb/account/api/BBBAddressAPI.java:32:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/account/api/BBBAddressAPI.java:35:	Avoid excessively long variable names like isDefaultBillingAddress
src/com/bbb/account/api/BBBAddressAPI.java:35:	Avoid excessively long variable names like isDefaultShippingAddress
src/com/bbb/account/api/BBBAddressAPI.java:35:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/account/api/BBBAddressAPI.java:38:	Avoid excessively long variable names like addressRepositoryId
src/com/bbb/account/api/BBBAddressAPI.java:38:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/account/api/BBBAddressAPIConstants.java:4:	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/com/bbb/account/api/BBBAddressAPIConstants.java:4:	Document empty constructor
src/com/bbb/account/api/BBBAddressAPIImpl.java:9:	Avoid unused imports such as 'atg.core.util.Address'
src/com/bbb/account/api/BBBAddressAPIImpl.java:9:	Avoid unused imports such as 'atg.core.util.Address'
src/com/bbb/account/api/BBBAddressAPIImpl.java:23:	The class 'BBBAddressAPIImpl' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 6 (Highest = 11).
src/com/bbb/account/api/BBBAddressAPIImpl.java:37:	Parameter 'mProfileTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/api/BBBAddressAPIImpl.java:42:	Parameter 'profile' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/api/BBBAddressAPIImpl.java:42:	Parameter 'siteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/api/BBBAddressAPIImpl.java:45:	Local variable 'addressVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/api/BBBAddressAPIImpl.java:49:	Avoid excessively long variable names like defaultShippingAddress
src/com/bbb/account/api/BBBAddressAPIImpl.java:49:	Local variable 'defaultShippingAddress' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/api/BBBAddressAPIImpl.java:54:	The String literal "BBBAddressAPIImpl | getShippingAddress exception " appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 54
src/com/bbb/account/api/BBBAddressAPIImpl.java:55:	The String literal "EXCEPTION WHILE COPY ADDRESS" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 55
src/com/bbb/account/api/BBBAddressAPIImpl.java:95:	Parameter 'profile' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/api/BBBAddressAPIImpl.java:95:	Parameter 'siteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/api/BBBAddressAPIImpl.java:95:	The method 'getDefaultBillingAddress' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/com/bbb/account/api/BBBAddressAPIImpl.java:95:	The method getDefaultBillingAddress() has an NPath complexity of 1024
src/com/bbb/account/api/BBBAddressAPIImpl.java:99:	Avoid excessively long variable names like defaultBillingAddress
src/com/bbb/account/api/BBBAddressAPIImpl.java:99:	Local variable 'defaultBillingAddress' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/api/BBBAddressAPIImpl.java:104:	Local variable 'addressVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/api/BBBAddressAPIImpl.java:146:	Parameter 'profile' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/api/BBBAddressAPIImpl.java:146:	Parameter 'siteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/api/BBBAddressAPIImpl.java:150:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'addressList' (lines '150'-'200').
src/com/bbb/account/api/BBBAddressAPIImpl.java:150:	Local variable 'addressList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/api/BBBAddressAPIImpl.java:152:	Avoid variables with short names like it
src/com/bbb/account/api/BBBAddressAPIImpl.java:152:	Local variable 'it' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/api/BBBAddressAPIImpl.java:155:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/account/api/BBBAddressAPIImpl.java:156:	Local variable 'repos' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/api/BBBAddressAPIImpl.java:203:	Parameter 'profile' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/api/BBBAddressAPIImpl.java:203:	Parameter 'siteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/api/BBBAddressAPIImpl.java:208:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'addressList' (lines '208'-'255').
src/com/bbb/account/api/BBBAddressAPIImpl.java:208:	Local variable 'addressList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/api/BBBAddressAPIImpl.java:210:	Avoid variables with short names like it
src/com/bbb/account/api/BBBAddressAPIImpl.java:210:	Local variable 'it' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/api/BBBAddressAPIImpl.java:213:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/account/api/BBBAddressAPIImpl.java:214:	Local variable 'repos' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/api/BBBAddressAPIImpl.java:258:	Parameter 'profile' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/api/BBBAddressAPIImpl.java:259:	Parameter 'addressVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/api/BBBAddressAPIImpl.java:259:	Parameter 'siteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/api/BBBAddressAPIImpl.java:262:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/account/api/BBBAddressAPIImpl.java:269:	Local variable 'rtnAddressVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/api/BBBAddressAPIImpl.java:270:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/com/bbb/account/api/BBBAddressAPIImpl.java:270:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'id' (lines '270'-'298').
src/com/bbb/account/api/BBBAddressAPIImpl.java:271:	Local variable 'addressObject' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/api/BBBAddressAPIImpl.java:297:	Local variable 'nickName' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/api/BBBAddressAPIImpl.java:303:	The String literal "addNewShippingAddress" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 303
src/com/bbb/account/api/BBBAddressAPIImpl.java:309:	The String literal "BBBAddressAPIImpl | addNewShippingAddress method ends" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 309
src/com/bbb/account/api/BBBAddressAPIImpl.java:312:	The String literal " siteId=" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 312
src/com/bbb/account/api/BBBAddressAPIImpl.java:312:	The String literal "profile=" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 312
src/com/bbb/account/api/BBBAddressAPIImpl.java:319:	Avoid excessively long variable names like isDefaultBillingAddress
src/com/bbb/account/api/BBBAddressAPIImpl.java:319:	Parameter 'isDefaultBillingAddress' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/api/BBBAddressAPIImpl.java:319:	Parameter 'pAddress' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/api/BBBAddressAPIImpl.java:319:	Parameter 'profile' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/api/BBBAddressAPIImpl.java:319:	Parameter 'siteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/api/BBBAddressAPIImpl.java:319:	The method 'addNewBillingAddress' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/com/bbb/account/api/BBBAddressAPIImpl.java:322:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/account/api/BBBAddressAPIImpl.java:328:	Local variable 'rtnAddressVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/api/BBBAddressAPIImpl.java:329:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/com/bbb/account/api/BBBAddressAPIImpl.java:329:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'id' (lines '329'-'356').
src/com/bbb/account/api/BBBAddressAPIImpl.java:331:	Local variable 'addressObject' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/api/BBBAddressAPIImpl.java:355:	Local variable 'nickName' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/api/BBBAddressAPIImpl.java:364:	The String literal "BBBAddressAPIImpl | addNewBillingAddress method ends" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 364
src/com/bbb/account/api/BBBAddressAPIImpl.java:374:	Parameter 'profile' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/api/BBBAddressAPIImpl.java:374:	The method 'addNewShippingAddress' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/com/bbb/account/api/BBBAddressAPIImpl.java:375:	Avoid excessively long variable names like isDefaultBillingAddress
src/com/bbb/account/api/BBBAddressAPIImpl.java:375:	Avoid excessively long variable names like isDefaultShippingAddress
src/com/bbb/account/api/BBBAddressAPIImpl.java:375:	Parameter 'address' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/api/BBBAddressAPIImpl.java:375:	Parameter 'isDefaultBillingAddress' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/api/BBBAddressAPIImpl.java:375:	Parameter 'isDefaultShippingAddress' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/api/BBBAddressAPIImpl.java:375:	Parameter 'siteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/api/BBBAddressAPIImpl.java:377:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/account/api/BBBAddressAPIImpl.java:386:	Local variable 'rtnAddressVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/api/BBBAddressAPIImpl.java:388:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/com/bbb/account/api/BBBAddressAPIImpl.java:388:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'id' (lines '388'-'403').
src/com/bbb/account/api/BBBAddressAPIImpl.java:389:	Local variable 'addressObject' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/api/BBBAddressAPIImpl.java:402:	Local variable 'nickName' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/api/BBBAddressAPIImpl.java:429:	Parameter 'profile' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/api/BBBAddressAPIImpl.java:429:	The method 'addNewShippingAddress' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/com/bbb/account/api/BBBAddressAPIImpl.java:430:	Avoid excessively long variable names like isDefaultBillingAddress
src/com/bbb/account/api/BBBAddressAPIImpl.java:430:	Avoid excessively long variable names like isDefaultShippingAddress
src/com/bbb/account/api/BBBAddressAPIImpl.java:430:	Parameter 'addressVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/api/BBBAddressAPIImpl.java:430:	Parameter 'isDefaultBillingAddress' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/api/BBBAddressAPIImpl.java:430:	Parameter 'isDefaultShippingAddress' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/api/BBBAddressAPIImpl.java:430:	Parameter 'siteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/api/BBBAddressAPIImpl.java:432:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/account/api/BBBAddressAPIImpl.java:440:	Local variable 'rtnAddressVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/api/BBBAddressAPIImpl.java:442:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/com/bbb/account/api/BBBAddressAPIImpl.java:442:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'id' (lines '442'-'457').
src/com/bbb/account/api/BBBAddressAPIImpl.java:443:	Local variable 'addressObject' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/api/BBBAddressAPIImpl.java:456:	Local variable 'nickName' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/api/BBBAddressAPIImpl.java:485:	Avoid excessively long variable names like addressRepositoryId
src/com/bbb/account/api/BBBAddressAPIImpl.java:485:	Parameter 'addressRepositoryId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/api/BBBAddressAPIImpl.java:485:	Parameter 'profile' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/api/BBBAddressAPIImpl.java:485:	Parameter 'siteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/api/BBBAddressAPIImpl.java:490:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/com/bbb/account/api/BBBAddressAPIImpl.java:493:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'addressVO' (lines '493'-'506').
src/com/bbb/account/api/BBBAddressAPIImpl.java:495:	Local variable 'addresses' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/api/BBBAddressAPIImpl.java:498:	Avoid variables with short names like it
src/com/bbb/account/api/BBBAddressAPIImpl.java:498:	Local variable 'it' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/api/BBBAddressAPIImpl.java:500:	Local variable 'entry' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/api/BBBAddressAPIImpl.java:502:	Local variable 'addressItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/api/BBBAddressAPIImpl.java:506:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/account/api/BBBAddressVO.java:12:	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/com/bbb/account/api/BBBAddressVO.java:12:	Document empty constructor
src/com/bbb/account/api/BBBAddressVO.java:17:	Parameter 'arg0' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/api/BBBAddressVO.java:18:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'compareResult' (lines '18'-'21').
src/com/bbb/account/api/BBBCreditCardAPI.java:14:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/account/api/BBBCreditCardAPI.java:17:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/account/api/BBBCreditCardAPI.java:20:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/com/bbb/account/api/BBBCreditCardAPIConstants.java:5:	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/com/bbb/account/api/BBBCreditCardAPIConstants.java:5:	Document empty constructor
src/com/bbb/account/api/BBBCreditCardAPIConstants.java:8:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PPTY_CREDIT_CARD_NUMBER
src/com/bbb/account/api/BBBCreditCardAPIConstants.java:9:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PPTY_CREDIT_CARD_TYPE
src/com/bbb/account/api/BBBCreditCardAPIConstants.java:10:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PPTY_CREDIT_CARD_NOC
src/com/bbb/account/api/BBBCreditCardAPIConstants.java:11:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PPTY_CREDIT_CARD_EXP_YEAR
src/com/bbb/account/api/BBBCreditCardAPIConstants.java:12:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PPTY_CREDIT_CARD_EXP_MONTH
src/com/bbb/account/api/BBBCreditCardAPIConstants.java:14:	Avoid excessively long variable names like RPLC_CC_TXT_TO_EMPTY
src/com/bbb/account/api/BBBCreditCardAPIImpl.java:45:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'creditCardVO' (lines '45'-'77').
src/com/bbb/account/api/BBBCreditCardAPIImpl.java:52:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'nickName' (lines '52'-'59').
src/com/bbb/account/api/BBBCreditCardAPIImpl.java:54:	Avoid excessively long variable names like creditCardRepositoryItem
src/com/bbb/account/api/BBBCreditCardAPIImpl.java:99:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/com/bbb/account/api/BBBCreditCardAPIImpl.java:111:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'creditCardVO' (lines '111'-'118').
src/com/bbb/account/api/BBBCreditCardAPIImpl.java:111:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'creditCardVO' (lines '111'-'160').
src/com/bbb/account/api/BBBCreditCardAPIImpl.java:118:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/account/droplet/BBBChangeAnchorTagUrlDroplet.java:60:	When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/com/bbb/account/droplet/BBBEncryptionDroplet.java:33:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mBBBDesEncryptionTools
src/com/bbb/account/droplet/BBBEncryptionDroplet.java:41:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'outputValue' (lines '41'-'45').
src/com/bbb/account/droplet/BBBEncryptionDroplet.java:41:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'outputValue' (lines '41'-'48').
src/com/bbb/account/droplet/BBBEncryptionDroplet.java:41:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'outputValue' (lines '41'-'57').
src/com/bbb/account/droplet/BBBEncryptionDroplet.java:70:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pBBBDesEncryptionTools
src/com/bbb/account/droplet/BBBEncryptionDroplet.java:70:	Parameter 'pBBBDesEncryptionTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/droplet/BBBGetProfileCookieDroplet.java:23:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.Map'
src/com/bbb/account/droplet/BBBGetProfileCookieDroplet.java:23:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.Map'
src/com/bbb/account/droplet/BBBGetProfileCookieDroplet.java:24:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.Set'
src/com/bbb/account/droplet/BBBGetProfileCookieDroplet.java:24:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.Set'
src/com/bbb/account/droplet/BBBGetProfileCookieDroplet.java:42:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.constants.BBBCoreConstants'
src/com/bbb/account/droplet/BBBGetProfileCookieDroplet.java:42:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.constants.BBBCoreConstants'
src/com/bbb/account/droplet/BBBGetProfileCookieDroplet.java:43:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.constants.BBBCoreErrorConstants'
src/com/bbb/account/droplet/BBBGetProfileCookieDroplet.java:43:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.constants.BBBCoreErrorConstants'
src/com/bbb/account/droplet/BBBGetProfileCookieDroplet.java:46:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.utils.BBBUtility'
src/com/bbb/account/droplet/BBBGetProfileCookieDroplet.java:46:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.utils.BBBUtility'
src/com/bbb/account/droplet/BBBGetProfileCookieDroplet.java:50:	The class 'BBBGetProfileCookieDroplet' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 11).
src/com/bbb/account/droplet/BBBGetProfileCookieDroplet.java:69:	Parameter 'profileCookieName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/droplet/BBBGetProfileCookieDroplet.java:83:	Parameter 'profileCookieAge' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/droplet/BBBGetProfileCookieDroplet.java:97:	Parameter 'profileCookiePath' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/droplet/BBBGetProfileCookieDroplet.java:101:	Parameter 'pRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/droplet/BBBGetProfileCookieDroplet.java:101:	The method 'service' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/com/bbb/account/droplet/BBBGetProfileCookieDroplet.java:102:	Parameter 'pResponse' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/droplet/BBBGetProfileCookieDroplet.java:104:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/account/droplet/BBBGetProfileCookieDroplet.java:108:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'jsonObject' (lines '108'-'110').
src/com/bbb/account/droplet/BBBGetProfileCookieDroplet.java:116:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/account/droplet/BBBGetProfileCookieDroplet.java:117:	Local variable 'JSONResultbean' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/droplet/BBBGetProfileCookieDroplet.java:117:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'JSONResultbean' starts with uppercase character.
src/com/bbb/account/droplet/BBBGetProfileCookieDroplet.java:118:	Avoid excessively long variable names like dynaBeanProperties
src/com/bbb/account/droplet/BBBGetProfileCookieDroplet.java:118:	Local variable 'dynaBeanProperties' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/droplet/BBBGetProfileCookieDroplet.java:120:	Local variable 'siteId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/droplet/BBBGetProfileCookieDroplet.java:121:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'profileId' (lines '121'-'124').
src/com/bbb/account/droplet/BBBGetProfileCookieDroplet.java:123:	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/com/bbb/account/droplet/BBBGetProfileCookieDroplet.java:123:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/com/bbb/account/droplet/BBBGetProfileCookieDroplet.java:150:	Avoid excessively long variable names like dynaBeanProperties
src/com/bbb/account/droplet/BBBGetProfileCookieDroplet.java:150:	Parameter 'JSONResultbean' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/droplet/BBBGetProfileCookieDroplet.java:150:	Parameter 'dynaBeanProperties' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/droplet/BBBGetProfileCookieDroplet.java:150:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'JSONResultbean' starts with uppercase character.
src/com/bbb/account/droplet/BBBGetProfileCookieDroplet.java:151:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'siteId' (lines '151'-'154').
src/com/bbb/account/droplet/BBBGetProfileCookieDroplet.java:162:	Parameter 'pDynaBean' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/droplet/BBBGetProfileCookieDroplet.java:164:	Local variable 'dynaClass' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/droplet/BBBGetProfileCookieDroplet.java:165:	Local variable 'properties' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/droplet/BBBGetProfileCookieDroplet.java:166:	Local variable 'propertyNames' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/droplet/BBBGetProfileCookieDroplet.java:168:	Local variable 'name' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/droplet/BBBGetProfileCookieDroplet.java:178:	Avoid excessively long variable names like dynaBeanProperties
src/com/bbb/account/droplet/BBBGetProfileCookieDroplet.java:178:	Parameter 'JSONResultbean' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/droplet/BBBGetProfileCookieDroplet.java:178:	Parameter 'dynaBeanProperties' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/droplet/BBBGetProfileCookieDroplet.java:178:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'JSONResultbean' starts with uppercase character.
src/com/bbb/account/droplet/BBBGetProfileCookieDroplet.java:179:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'profileId' (lines '179'-'182').
src/com/bbb/account/droplet/BBBICrossTagDroplet.java:27:	Avoid excessively long variable names like IS_CATEGORY_ID_PRESENT
src/com/bbb/account/droplet/BBBICrossTagDroplet.java:33:	Local variable 'configKey' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/droplet/BBBICrossTagDroplet.java:34:	Local variable 'categoryId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/droplet/BBBICrossTagDroplet.java:35:	Avoid excessively long variable names like isCategoryIdPresent
src/com/bbb/account/droplet/BBBICrossTagDroplet.java:35:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isCategoryIdPresent' (lines '35'-'45').
src/com/bbb/account/droplet/BBBICrossTagDroplet.java:40:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'configKeySet' (lines '40'-'41').
src/com/bbb/account/droplet/BBBICrossTagDroplet.java:44:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/com/bbb/account/droplet/BBBSetCookieDroplet.java:49:	Parameter 'pCookies' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/droplet/BBBSetCookieDroplet.java:54:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'key' (lines '54'-'70').
src/com/bbb/account/droplet/BBBSetCookieDroplet.java:54:	Parameter 'pRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/droplet/BBBSetCookieDroplet.java:55:	Parameter 'pResponse' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/droplet/BBBSetCookieDroplet.java:69:	Local variable 'key' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/droplet/BBBSetCookieDroplet.java:71:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/account/droplet/BBBURLEncodingDroplet.java:48:	Parameter 'pEncodingType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/droplet/BBBURLEncodingDroplet.java:65:	Local variable 'encoding_type' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/droplet/BBBURLEncodingDroplet.java:65:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'encoding_type' is not final.
src/com/bbb/account/droplet/BBBURLEncodingDroplet.java:66:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/account/droplet/BBBURLEncodingDroplet.java:71:	Local variable 'url' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/droplet/BBBURLEncodingDroplet.java:72:	Local variable 'queryString' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/droplet/BBBURLEncodingDroplet.java:77:	Local variable 'encodedurl' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/BBBMapToArrayDefaultFirst.java:32:	Parameter 'pRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/BBBMapToArrayDefaultFirst.java:32:	Parameter 'pResponse' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/BBBMapToArrayDefaultFirst.java:35:	Local variable 'defaultId2' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/BBBMapToArrayDefaultFirst.java:36:	Local variable 'defaultId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/BBBMapToArrayDefaultFirst.java:37:	Local variable 'map' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/BBBMapToArrayDefaultFirst.java:41:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'sortByKeys' (lines '41'-'44').
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/BBBMapToArrayDefaultFirst.java:42:	Avoid excessively long variable names like sortByKeysParameter
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/BBBMapToArrayDefaultFirst.java:42:	Local variable 'sortByKeysParameter' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/BBBMapToArrayDefaultFirst.java:46:	Local variable 'defaultMapKey' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/BBBMapToArrayDefaultFirst.java:47:	Local variable 'defaultMapKey1' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/BBBMapToArrayDefaultFirst.java:48:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'sortedArray' (lines '48'-'50').
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/BBBMapToArrayDefaultFirst.java:48:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'sortedArray' (lines '48'-'52').
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/BBBMapToArrayDefaultFirst.java:74:	Parameter 'pDefaultKey' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/BBBMapToArrayDefaultFirst.java:74:	Parameter 'pDefaultKey2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/BBBMapToArrayDefaultFirst.java:74:	Parameter 'pMap' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/BBBMapToArrayDefaultFirst.java:74:	Parameter 'pRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/BBBMapToArrayDefaultFirst.java:74:	Parameter 'pSortByKeys' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/BBBMapToArrayDefaultFirst.java:76:	Local variable 'resultMap' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/BBBMapToArrayDefaultFirst.java:77:	Avoid excessively long variable names like sortedArrayDefaultFirst
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/BBBMapToArrayDefaultFirst.java:77:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'sortedArrayDefaultFirst' (lines '77'-'88').
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/BBBMapToArrayDefaultFirst.java:77:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'sortedArrayDefaultFirst' (lines '77'-'91').
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/BBBMapToArrayDefaultFirst.java:77:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'sortedArrayDefaultFirst' (lines '77'-'94').
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/BBBMapToArrayDefaultFirst.java:78:	Local variable 'iter' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/BBBMapToArrayDefaultFirst.java:79:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'index' (lines '79'-'99').
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/BBBMapToArrayDefaultFirst.java:80:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'defaultfound' (lines '80'-'99').
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/BBBMapToArrayDefaultFirst.java:81:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'defaultfound2' (lines '81'-'99').
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/BBBMapToArrayDefaultFirst.java:84:	Local variable 'entry' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/BBBMapToArrayDefaultFirst.java:86:	Local variable 'key' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/BBBMapToArrayDefaultFirst.java:88:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'sortedArrayDefaultFirst' (lines '88'-'88').
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/BBBMapToArrayDefaultFirst.java:88:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'sortedArrayDefaultFirst' (lines '88'-'91').
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/BBBMapToArrayDefaultFirst.java:88:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'sortedArrayDefaultFirst' (lines '88'-'94').
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/BBBMapToArrayDefaultFirst.java:89:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'defaultfound' (lines '89'-'99').
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/BBBMapToArrayDefaultFirst.java:91:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'sortedArrayDefaultFirst' (lines '91'-'88').
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/BBBMapToArrayDefaultFirst.java:91:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'sortedArrayDefaultFirst' (lines '91'-'91').
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/BBBMapToArrayDefaultFirst.java:91:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'sortedArrayDefaultFirst' (lines '91'-'94').
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/BBBMapToArrayDefaultFirst.java:92:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'defaultfound2' (lines '92'-'99').
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/BBBMapToArrayDefaultFirst.java:94:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'sortedArrayDefaultFirst' (lines '94'-'88').
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/BBBMapToArrayDefaultFirst.java:94:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'sortedArrayDefaultFirst' (lines '94'-'91').
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/BBBMapToArrayDefaultFirst.java:94:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'sortedArrayDefaultFirst' (lines '94'-'94').
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/LegacyOrderDetailsDroplet.java:38:	The class 'LegacyOrderDetailsDroplet' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 19).
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/LegacyOrderDetailsDroplet.java:39:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mOrderDetailsManager
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/LegacyOrderDetailsDroplet.java:49:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'Profile_PATH' is not all capitals.
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/LegacyOrderDetailsDroplet.java:56:	Parameter 'pReq' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/LegacyOrderDetailsDroplet.java:56:	The method 'service' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 19.
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/LegacyOrderDetailsDroplet.java:56:	The method service() has an NPath complexity of 295
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/LegacyOrderDetailsDroplet.java:57:	Parameter 'pRes' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/LegacyOrderDetailsDroplet.java:62:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'objOrderDetailRes' (lines '62'-'68').
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/LegacyOrderDetailsDroplet.java:62:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'objOrderDetailRes' (lines '62'-'139').
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/LegacyOrderDetailsDroplet.java:63:	Local variable 'orderId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/LegacyOrderDetailsDroplet.java:64:	Local variable 'email' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/LegacyOrderDetailsDroplet.java:71:	Local variable 'currentSiteId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/LegacyOrderDetailsDroplet.java:73:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'state' (lines '73'-'139').
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/LegacyOrderDetailsDroplet.java:73:	Local variable 'state' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/LegacyOrderDetailsDroplet.java:74:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'orderDate' (lines '74'-'79').
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/LegacyOrderDetailsDroplet.java:74:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'orderDate' (lines '74'-'139').
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/LegacyOrderDetailsDroplet.java:79:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'orderDate' (lines '79'-'81').
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/LegacyOrderDetailsDroplet.java:81:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/LegacyOrderDetailsDroplet.java:81:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'orderDate' (lines '81'-'139').
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/LegacyOrderDetailsDroplet.java:84:	Local variable 'shippingMethod' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/LegacyOrderDetailsDroplet.java:86:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shipMethodDescription
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/LegacyOrderDetailsDroplet.java:86:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'shipMethodDescription' (lines '86'-'89').
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/LegacyOrderDetailsDroplet.java:87:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shippingMethodRepsoitoryItem
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/LegacyOrderDetailsDroplet.java:87:	Local variable 'shippingMethodRepsoitoryItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/LegacyOrderDetailsDroplet.java:88:	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/LegacyOrderDetailsDroplet.java:95:	Avoid excessively long variable names like expectedDeliveryDate
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/LegacyOrderDetailsDroplet.java:95:	Local variable 'expectedDeliveryDate' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/LegacyOrderDetailsDroplet.java:100:	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/LegacyOrderDetailsDroplet.java:100:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/LegacyOrderDetailsDroplet.java:109:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'carrierURL' (lines '109'-'111').
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/LegacyOrderDetailsDroplet.java:148:	Parameter 'orderId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/LegacyOrderDetailsDroplet.java:152:	Avoid excessively long variable names like orderAndCarrierData
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/LegacyOrderDetailsDroplet.java:152:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'orderAndCarrierData' (lines '152'-'198').
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/LegacyOrderDetailsDroplet.java:152:	Local variable 'orderAndCarrierData' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/LegacyOrderDetailsDroplet.java:154:	Local variable 'pRequest' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/LegacyOrderDetailsDroplet.java:155:	Local variable 'pResponse' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/LegacyOrderDetailsDroplet.java:157:	Local variable 'email' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/LegacyOrderDetailsDroplet.java:164:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/LegacyOrderDetailsDroplet.java:166:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/LegacyOrderDetailsDroplet.java:172:	Local variable 'objOrderDetailRes' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/LegacyOrderDetailsDroplet.java:176:	Local variable 'giftCardList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/LegacyOrderDetailsDroplet.java:177:	Local variable 'newGiftCardList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/LegacyOrderDetailsDroplet.java:179:	Local variable 'giftCard' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/LegacyOrderDetailsDroplet.java:180:	Local variable 'maskedGiftCardNo' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/LegacyOrderDetailsDroplet.java:181:	Local variable 'maskedGiftPin' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/LegacyOrderDetailsDroplet.java:189:	Local variable 'carrierURL' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/LegacyOrderDetailsDroplet.java:212:	Parameter 'pCatalogTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/LegacyOrderDetailsDroplet.java:227:	Parameter 'pShippingCarriers' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/LegacyOrderDetailsDroplet.java:241:	Avoid excessively long variable names like orderDetailsManager
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/LegacyOrderDetailsDroplet.java:241:	Parameter 'orderDetailsManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/OrderHistoryDroplet.java:4:	A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/OrderHistoryDroplet.java:42:	The class 'OrderHistoryDroplet' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 30).
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/OrderHistoryDroplet.java:43:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mOrderHistoryManager
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/OrderHistoryDroplet.java:63:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/OrderHistoryDroplet.java:63:	Parameter 'pReq' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/OrderHistoryDroplet.java:63:	The method 'service' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 30.
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/OrderHistoryDroplet.java:63:	The method service() has an NPath complexity of 1764
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/OrderHistoryDroplet.java:64:	Parameter 'pRes' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/OrderHistoryDroplet.java:67:	Local variable 'profile' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/OrderHistoryDroplet.java:69:	Local variable 'profileId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/OrderHistoryDroplet.java:70:	Local variable 'siteId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/OrderHistoryDroplet.java:71:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'orderList' (lines '71'-'93').
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/OrderHistoryDroplet.java:72:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'legacyOrderList' (lines '72'-'108').
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/OrderHistoryDroplet.java:73:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'memberId' (lines '73'-'82').
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/OrderHistoryDroplet.java:79:	Local variable 'siteItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/OrderHistoryDroplet.java:83:	Avoid instantiating Integer objects. Call Integer.valueOf() instead.
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/OrderHistoryDroplet.java:89:	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/OrderHistoryDroplet.java:90:	Local variable 'ordersATGList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/OrderHistoryDroplet.java:98:	Local variable 'orderHistroyOn' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/OrderHistoryDroplet.java:99:	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/OrderHistoryDroplet.java:112:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0) with calls to isEmpty()
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/OrderHistoryDroplet.java:119:	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/OrderHistoryDroplet.java:122:	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/OrderHistoryDroplet.java:126:	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/OrderHistoryDroplet.java:130:	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/OrderHistoryDroplet.java:137:	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/OrderHistoryDroplet.java:138:	Local variable 'itr' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/OrderHistoryDroplet.java:140:	Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/OrderHistoryDroplet.java:140:	Local variable 'vo' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/OrderHistoryDroplet.java:146:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0) with calls to isEmpty()
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/OrderHistoryDroplet.java:151:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'carrierURL' (lines '151'-'153').
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/OrderHistoryDroplet.java:155:	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/OrderHistoryDroplet.java:159:	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/OrderHistoryDroplet.java:163:	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/OrderHistoryDroplet.java:183:	The method 'getAllOrders' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/OrderHistoryDroplet.java:188:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'resultVO' (lines '188'-'250').
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/OrderHistoryDroplet.java:188:	Local variable 'resultVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/OrderHistoryDroplet.java:189:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'legacyOrderList' (lines '189'-'250').
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/OrderHistoryDroplet.java:191:	Local variable 'pRequest' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/OrderHistoryDroplet.java:192:	Local variable 'pResponse' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/OrderHistoryDroplet.java:199:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/OrderHistoryDroplet.java:203:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/OrderHistoryDroplet.java:210:	Local variable 'carrierURL' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/OrderHistoryDroplet.java:212:	Local variable 'numOrder' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/OrderHistoryDroplet.java:214:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/OrderHistoryDroplet.java:215:	Local variable 'order' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/OrderHistoryDroplet.java:217:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shipmentTrackingInfoList
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/OrderHistoryDroplet.java:217:	Local variable 'shipmentTrackingInfoList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/OrderHistoryDroplet.java:218:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/OrderHistoryDroplet.java:219:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shipmentTrackingInfo
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/OrderHistoryDroplet.java:219:	Local variable 'shipmentTrackingInfo' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/OrderHistoryDroplet.java:222:	Local variable 'carrierImage' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/OrderHistoryDroplet.java:223:	Local variable 'carrierTrack' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/OrderHistoryDroplet.java:224:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/OrderHistoryDroplet.java:225:	Local variable 'ImageURL' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/OrderHistoryDroplet.java:225:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'ImageURL' starts with uppercase character.
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/OrderHistoryDroplet.java:226:	Local variable 'TrackUrl' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/OrderHistoryDroplet.java:226:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'TrackUrl' starts with uppercase character.
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/OrderHistoryDroplet.java:264:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pOrderHistoryManager
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/OrderHistoryDroplet.java:264:	Parameter 'pOrderHistoryManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/OrderHistoryDroplet.java:279:	Parameter 'pCatalogTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/OrderHistoryDroplet.java:294:	Parameter 'pShippingCarriers' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/OrderHistoryDroplet.java:310:	Parameter 'mNumOrder' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/OrderHistoryDroplet.java:330:	Parameter 'pOrderTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/OrderHistoryDroplet.java:339:	Parameter 'pReq' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/OrderHistoryDroplet.java:339:	Parameter 'siteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/OrderHistoryDroplet.java:341:	Avoid excessively long variable names like invalidateLastOrderTagOn
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/OrderHistoryDroplet.java:341:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'invalidateLastOrderTagOn' (lines '341'-'352').
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/OrderHistoryDroplet.java:342:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'tagValue' (lines '342'-'344').
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/OrderHistoryDroplet.java:355:	Local variable 'orderholder' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/OrderHistoryDroplet.java:357:	Local variable 'lastOrder' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/TrackingInfoDroplet.java:30:	Parameter 'pReq' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/TrackingInfoDroplet.java:31:	Parameter 'pRes' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/TrackingInfoDroplet.java:35:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'carrierURL' (lines '35'-'37').
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/TrackingInfoDroplet.java:64:	Parameter 'pCatalogTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/order/droplet/TrackingInfoDroplet.java:79:	Parameter 'pShippingCarriers' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderDetailsManager.java:4:	A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderDetailsManager.java:4:	High amount of different objects as members denotes a high coupling
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderDetailsManager.java:89:	The class 'OrderDetailsManager' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 24).
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderDetailsManager.java:89:	Too many fields
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderDetailsManager.java:132:	Avoid excessively long variable names like creditCardsForPayment
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderDetailsManager.java:137:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mShippingGroupManager
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderDetailsManager.java:139:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mCartRegistryInfoDroplet
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderDetailsManager.java:141:	Avoid excessively long variable names like isProductSkuShippingDroplet
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderDetailsManager.java:145:	Avoid excessively long variable names like transactionManager
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderDetailsManager.java:146:	Avoid excessively long variable names like userCouponWalletDroplet
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderDetailsManager.java:160:	Avoid excessively long variable names like userCouponWalletDroplet
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderDetailsManager.java:168:	Avoid excessively long variable names like transactionManager
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderDetailsManager.java:185:	Avoid excessively long variable names like isProductSkuShippingDroplet
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderDetailsManager.java:199:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mCartRegistryInfoDroplet
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderDetailsManager.java:212:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shippingMethodDescription
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderDetailsManager.java:219:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shippingMethodDescription
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderDetailsManager.java:234:	Avoid excessively long variable names like purchaseProcessHelper
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderDetailsManager.java:312:	Avoid excessively long variable names like cartDisplayDroplet
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderDetailsManager.java:333:	Avoid excessively long variable names like cartItemCountDroplet
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderDetailsManager.java:347:	Avoid excessively long variable names like priceDisplayDroplet
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderDetailsManager.java:361:	Avoid excessively long variable names like creditCardsForPayment
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderDetailsManager.java:398:	Avoid excessively long variable names like orderDetailInfoReturn
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderDetailsManager.java:398:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'orderDetailInfoReturn' (lines '398'-'401').
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderDetailsManager.java:419:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'orderDetailsReq' (lines '419'-'440').
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderDetailsManager.java:466:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'orderVO' (lines '466'-'479').
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderDetailsManager.java:466:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'orderVO' (lines '466'-'499').
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderDetailsManager.java:467:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'order' (lines '467'-'478').
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderDetailsManager.java:467:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'order' (lines '467'-'499').
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderDetailsManager.java:471:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'profileId' (lines '471'-'499').
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderDetailsManager.java:492:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderDetailsManager.java:509:	The String literal "unchecked" appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 509
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderDetailsManager.java:510:	Avoid excessively long variable names like fromAtgOrderDetails
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderDetailsManager.java:510:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderDetailsManager.java:510:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'paymentGrp' (lines '510'-'582').
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderDetailsManager.java:510:	Parameter 'fromAtgOrderDetails' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderDetailsManager.java:510:	Parameter 'order' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderDetailsManager.java:510:	The method 'getOrderDetailsVO' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 24.
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderDetailsManager.java:510:	The method getOrderDetailsVO() has an NPath complexity of 1572
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderDetailsManager.java:519:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isException' (lines '519'-'621').
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderDetailsManager.java:532:	Local variable 'profile' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderDetailsManager.java:536:	Local variable 'pRequest' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderDetailsManager.java:537:	Local variable 'pResponse' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderDetailsManager.java:577:	Local variable 'paymentGrpList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderDetailsManager.java:578:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'paymentVO' (lines '578'-'581').
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderDetailsManager.java:578:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'paymentVO' (lines '578'-'650').
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderDetailsManager.java:580:	Local variable 'paymentGrp' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderDetailsManager.java:581:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderDetailsManager.java:581:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'paymentVO' (lines '581'-'583').
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderDetailsManager.java:581:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'paymentVO' (lines '581'-'585').
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderDetailsManager.java:587:	Avoid excessively long variable names like creditCardInfoList
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderDetailsManager.java:587:	Local variable 'creditCardInfoList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderDetailsManager.java:589:	Local variable 'creditCard' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderDetailsManager.java:602:	Avoid excessively long variable names like estimatedShippingMethod
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderDetailsManager.java:602:	Local variable 'estimatedShippingMethod' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderDetailsManager.java:604:	Local variable 'orderPreTaxAmount' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderDetailsManager.java:605:	Local variable 'storeAmount' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderDetailsManager.java:606:	Local variable 'storeEcoFeeTotal' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderDetailsManager.java:621:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'isException' (lines '621'-'650').
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderDetailsManager.java:622:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderDetailsManager.java:629:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderDetailsManager.java:635:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderDetailsManager.java:658:	The String literal "rawtypes" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 658
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderDetailsManager.java:659:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'commerceItemDisplayVO' (lines '659'-'667').
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderDetailsManager.java:659:	Parameter 'bbbOrderVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderDetailsManager.java:661:	Avoid excessively long variable names like commerceItemVOList
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderDetailsManager.java:661:	Local variable 'commerceItemVOList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderDetailsManager.java:662:	Local variable 'skuProp65Map' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderDetailsManager.java:665:	Avoid excessively long variable names like commerceItemDisplayVO
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderDetailsManager.java:665:	Local variable 'commerceItemDisplayVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderDetailsManager.java:667:	Local variable 'skuId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderDetailsManager.java:670:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderDetailsManager.java:670:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'skuProdMap' (lines '670'-'671').
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderDetailsManager.java:694:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'comitem' (lines '694'-'734').
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderDetailsManager.java:694:	The method 'populateCommerceItemInfoList' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 14.
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderDetailsManager.java:694:	The method populateCommerceItemInfoList() has an NPath complexity of 800
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderDetailsManager.java:702:	Local variable 'siteId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderDetailsManager.java:713:	Avoid excessively long variable names like commerceItemVOList
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderDetailsManager.java:713:	Local variable 'commerceItemVOList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderDetailsManager.java:714:	Avoid excessively long variable names like commerceItemDisplayVOList
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderDetailsManager.java:714:	Local variable 'commerceItemDisplayVOList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderDetailsManager.java:717:	Local variable 'iterator' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderDetailsManager.java:718:	Local variable 'commerceItemVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderDetailsManager.java:719:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderDetailsManager.java:725:	Local variable 'itemPriceInfoVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderDetailsManager.java:731:	Local variable 'comItemObj' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderDetailsManager.java:733:	Local variable 'comitem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderDetailsManager.java:744:	Local variable 'skuId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderDetailsManager.java:747:	Local variable 'list' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderDetailsManager.java:782:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'attribute' (lines '782'-'801').
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderDetailsManager.java:782:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'item' (lines '782'-'804').
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderDetailsManager.java:782:	The method 'populateRestrictedAttributesForCommItem' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 17.
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderDetailsManager.java:784:	Local variable 'list' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderDetailsManager.java:786:	Local variable 'productId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderDetailsManager.java:798:	Avoid excessively long variable names like restrictedAttributes
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderDetailsManager.java:798:	Local variable 'restrictedAttributes' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderDetailsManager.java:800:	Local variable 'attribute' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderDetailsManager.java:801:	Local variable 'items' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderDetailsManager.java:803:	Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderDetailsManager.java:805:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderDetailsManager.java:805:	Local variable 'attributeVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderDetailsManager.java:806:	Local variable 'attributeName' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderDetailsManager.java:809:	Avoid excessively long variable names like displayDescription
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderDetailsManager.java:809:	Local variable 'displayDescription' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderDetailsManager.java:813:	Local variable 'imageURL' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderDetailsManager.java:817:	Local variable 'actionURL' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderDetailsManager.java:821:	Local variable 'placeHolder' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderDetailsManager.java:825:	Local variable 'priority' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderDetailsManager.java:855:	Avoid excessively long variable names like fromAtgOrderDetails
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderDetailsManager.java:863:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'siteId' (lines '863'-'911').
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderDetailsManager.java:863:	Local variable 'siteId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderDetailsManager.java:864:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shippingGroupsList
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderDetailsManager.java:864:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'shippingGroupsList' (lines '864'-'911').
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderDetailsManager.java:864:	Local variable 'shippingGroupsList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderDetailsManager.java:866:	Local variable 'shipGrpList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderDetailsManager.java:870:	Local variable 'iterator' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderDetailsManager.java:872:	Local variable 'shipGrp' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderDetailsManager.java:873:	Local variable 'shipGroupVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderDetailsManager.java:888:	Local variable 'priceInfo' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderDetailsManager.java:913:	Avoid excessively long variable names like fromAtgOrderDetails
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderDetailsManager.java:913:	The method 'setExpectedDeliveryDate' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderDetailsManager.java:915:	Local variable 'shippingMethod' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderDetailsManager.java:916:	Local variable 'state' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderDetailsManager.java:917:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'siteId' (lines '917'-'945').
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderDetailsManager.java:917:	Local variable 'siteId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderDetailsManager.java:918:	Local variable 'orderDate' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderDetailsManager.java:919:	Avoid excessively long variable names like orderSubmittedDate
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderDetailsManager.java:919:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'orderSubmittedDate' (lines '919'-'924').
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderDetailsManager.java:920:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'expDeliveryDate' (lines '920'-'928').
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderDetailsManager.java:920:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'expDeliveryDate' (lines '920'-'931').
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderDetailsManager.java:920:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'expDeliveryDate' (lines '920'-'945').
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderDetailsManager.java:922:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'simpleDateFormat' (lines '922'-'945').
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderDetailsManager.java:922:	Local variable 'simpleDateFormat' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderDetailsManager.java:925:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderDetailsManager.java:965:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'priceInfoMap' (lines '965'-'971').
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderDetailsManager.java:965:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'priceInfoMap' (lines '965'-'1,008').
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderDetailsManager.java:967:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'relationshipVO' (lines '967'-'974').
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderDetailsManager.java:967:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'relationshipVO' (lines '967'-'1,008').
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderDetailsManager.java:968:	Avoid excessively long variable names like commerceItemRelationshipVOList
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderDetailsManager.java:968:	Local variable 'commerceItemRelationshipVOList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderDetailsManager.java:971:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'priceInfoMap' (lines '971'-'1,008').
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderDetailsManager.java:972:	Local variable 'iterator' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderDetailsManager.java:974:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderDetailsManager.java:975:	Local variable 'ciRelationsShip' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderDetailsManager.java:989:	Local variable 'priceInfo' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderDetailsManager.java:1012:	Local variable 'map' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderHistoryManager.java:53:	Parameter 'pCatalogTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderHistoryManager.java:66:	Parameter 'pMemberId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderHistoryManager.java:66:	Parameter 'profileId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderHistoryManager.java:68:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'orderList' (lines '68'-'75').
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderHistoryManager.java:70:	Local variable 'orderHistoryReq' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderHistoryManager.java:71:	Avoid excessively long variable names like getOrderHistoryResVO
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderHistoryManager.java:76:	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderHistoryManager.java:94:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'orders' (lines '94'-'101').
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderHistoryManager.java:94:	Parameter 'pOrdersATGList' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderHistoryManager.java:95:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'orderhistory' (lines '95'-'103').
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderHistoryManager.java:95:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'orderhistory' (lines '95'-'144').
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderHistoryManager.java:97:	Local variable 'orderList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderHistoryManager.java:98:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'shipmentList' (lines '98'-'104').
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderHistoryManager.java:98:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'shipmentList' (lines '98'-'144').
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderHistoryManager.java:99:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0) with calls to isEmpty()
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderHistoryManager.java:100:	Local variable 'orders' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderHistoryManager.java:103:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderHistoryManager.java:104:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderHistoryManager.java:104:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'shipmentList' (lines '104'-'104').
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderHistoryManager.java:104:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'shipmentList' (lines '104'-'144').
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderHistoryManager.java:111:	Local variable 'orderStatus' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderHistoryManager.java:123:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'trackingInfoList' (lines '123'-'124').
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderHistoryManager.java:126:	Avoid excessively long variable names like iterateTrackingInfo
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderHistoryManager.java:126:	Local variable 'iterateTrackingInfo' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderHistoryManager.java:128:	Local variable 'trackingInfoObj' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderHistoryManager.java:129:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderHistoryManager.java:129:	Local variable 'shipment' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderHistoryManager.java:154:	Parameter 'pMemberId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderHistoryManager.java:154:	Parameter 'pProfileId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderHistoryManager.java:155:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'orderHistoryReq' (lines '155'-'177').
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderHistoryManager.java:155:	Local variable 'orderHistoryReq' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderHistoryManager.java:156:	Local variable 'siteId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/order/manager/OrderHistoryManager.java:193:	Parameter 'pServiceName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/profile/CoRegistrantFeedScheduler.java:47:	Avoid excessively long variable names like JOB_TRANSACTION_ENABLED
src/com/bbb/account/profile/CoRegistrantFeedScheduler.java:93:	Parameter 'pEnable' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/profile/CoRegistrantFeedScheduler.java:107:	Parameter 'pFeedFileParser' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/profile/CoRegistrantFeedScheduler.java:121:	Parameter 'pProfileFeedTool' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/profile/CoRegistrantFeedScheduler.java:187:	Parameter 'pJobSchedule' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/profile/CoRegistrantFeedScheduler.java:203:	Parameter 'pScheduler' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/profile/CoRegistrantFeedScheduler.java:215:	Parameter 'pScheduledJob' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/profile/CoRegistrantFeedScheduler.java:215:	Parameter 'pScheduler' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/profile/CoRegistrantFeedScheduler.java:243:	Avoid excessively long variable names like coRegistrantToMigrate
src/com/bbb/account/profile/CoRegistrantFeedScheduler.java:243:	Local variable 'coRegistrantToMigrate' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/profile/FeedFileParserImpl.java:23:	The class 'FeedFileParserImpl' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 14).
src/com/bbb/account/profile/FeedFileParserImpl.java:25:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CONTENT_CATALOG_CONFIG_KEY
src/com/bbb/account/profile/FeedFileParserImpl.java:26:	Avoid excessively long variable names like BED_BATH_AND_BEYOND_US_SITE_ID
src/com/bbb/account/profile/FeedFileParserImpl.java:27:	Avoid excessively long variable names like BED_BATH_AND_BEYOND_CA_SITE_ID
src/com/bbb/account/profile/FeedFileParserImpl.java:28:	Avoid excessively long variable names like BUY_BUY_BABY_SITE_ID
src/com/bbb/account/profile/FeedFileParserImpl.java:29:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PROFILE_FEED_RESPONSE_HEADER
src/com/bbb/account/profile/FeedFileParserImpl.java:30:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REGISTRY_FEED_RESPONSE_HEADER
src/com/bbb/account/profile/FeedFileParserImpl.java:34:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mProfileFeedHeader
src/com/bbb/account/profile/FeedFileParserImpl.java:39:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mRegistryFeedHeader
src/com/bbb/account/profile/FeedFileParserImpl.java:44:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mSiteAssociationMap
src/com/bbb/account/profile/FeedFileParserImpl.java:49:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mProfileFeedLocation
src/com/bbb/account/profile/FeedFileParserImpl.java:54:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mRegistryFeedLocation
src/com/bbb/account/profile/FeedFileParserImpl.java:59:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mProfileFeedSuccessResponseLocation
src/com/bbb/account/profile/FeedFileParserImpl.java:64:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mRegistryFeedSuccessResponseLocation
src/com/bbb/account/profile/FeedFileParserImpl.java:74:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mCoregistrantFeedSuccessResponseLocation
src/com/bbb/account/profile/FeedFileParserImpl.java:79:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mProfileFeedFailureResponseLocation
src/com/bbb/account/profile/FeedFileParserImpl.java:84:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mRegistryFeedFailureResponseLocation
src/com/bbb/account/profile/FeedFileParserImpl.java:89:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mCoregistrantFeedFailureResponseLocation
src/com/bbb/account/profile/FeedFileParserImpl.java:102:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pCoregistrantFeedFailureResponseLocation
src/com/bbb/account/profile/FeedFileParserImpl.java:117:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pRegistryFeedFailureResponseLocation
src/com/bbb/account/profile/FeedFileParserImpl.java:132:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pProfileFeedFailureResponseLocation
src/com/bbb/account/profile/FeedFileParserImpl.java:147:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pCoregistrantFeedSuccessResponseLocation
src/com/bbb/account/profile/FeedFileParserImpl.java:175:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pProfileFeedLocation
src/com/bbb/account/profile/FeedFileParserImpl.java:189:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pRegistryFeedLocation
src/com/bbb/account/profile/FeedFileParserImpl.java:203:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pProfileFeedSuccessResponseLocation
src/com/bbb/account/profile/FeedFileParserImpl.java:217:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pRegistryFeedSuccessResponseLocation
src/com/bbb/account/profile/FeedFileParserImpl.java:231:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pProfileFeedHeader
src/com/bbb/account/profile/FeedFileParserImpl.java:245:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pRegistryFeedHeader
src/com/bbb/account/profile/FeedFileParserImpl.java:260:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pSiteAssociationMap
src/com/bbb/account/profile/FeedFileParserImpl.java:268:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'profileFeed' (lines '268'-'323').
src/com/bbb/account/profile/FeedFileParserImpl.java:269:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bufferedReader' (lines '269'-'274').
src/com/bbb/account/profile/FeedFileParserImpl.java:275:	Avoid excessively long variable names like headerCheckingFlag
src/com/bbb/account/profile/FeedFileParserImpl.java:275:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'headerCheckingFlag' (lines '275'-'323').
src/com/bbb/account/profile/FeedFileParserImpl.java:276:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'strLine' (lines '276'-'276').
src/com/bbb/account/profile/FeedFileParserImpl.java:276:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'strLine' (lines '276'-'323').
src/com/bbb/account/profile/FeedFileParserImpl.java:279:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/com/bbb/account/profile/FeedFileParserImpl.java:281:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/account/profile/FeedFileParserImpl.java:282:	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/com/bbb/account/profile/FeedFileParserImpl.java:282:	String.indexOf(char) is faster than String.indexOf(String).
src/com/bbb/account/profile/FeedFileParserImpl.java:283:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/com/bbb/account/profile/FeedFileParserImpl.java:301:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'headerCheckingFlag' (lines '301'-'323').
src/com/bbb/account/profile/FeedFileParserImpl.java:310:	A throw statement in a finally block makes the control flow hard to understand.
src/com/bbb/account/profile/FeedFileParserImpl.java:315:	The String literal "Error occured while closing profile feed file at location : " appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 315
src/com/bbb/account/profile/FeedFileParserImpl.java:328:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'registryFeed' (lines '328'-'381').
src/com/bbb/account/profile/FeedFileParserImpl.java:329:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bufferedReader' (lines '329'-'334').
src/com/bbb/account/profile/FeedFileParserImpl.java:335:	Avoid excessively long variable names like headerCheckingFlag
src/com/bbb/account/profile/FeedFileParserImpl.java:335:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'headerCheckingFlag' (lines '335'-'381').
src/com/bbb/account/profile/FeedFileParserImpl.java:336:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'strLine' (lines '336'-'336').
src/com/bbb/account/profile/FeedFileParserImpl.java:336:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'strLine' (lines '336'-'381').
src/com/bbb/account/profile/FeedFileParserImpl.java:339:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/com/bbb/account/profile/FeedFileParserImpl.java:341:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/account/profile/FeedFileParserImpl.java:342:	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/com/bbb/account/profile/FeedFileParserImpl.java:342:	String.indexOf(char) is faster than String.indexOf(String).
src/com/bbb/account/profile/FeedFileParserImpl.java:343:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/com/bbb/account/profile/FeedFileParserImpl.java:359:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'headerCheckingFlag' (lines '359'-'381').
src/com/bbb/account/profile/FeedFileParserImpl.java:368:	A throw statement in a finally block makes the control flow hard to understand.
src/com/bbb/account/profile/FeedFileParserImpl.java:384:	Avoid excessively long variable names like profileResponseVOs
src/com/bbb/account/profile/FeedFileParserImpl.java:384:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'profileKey' (lines '384'-'401').
src/com/bbb/account/profile/FeedFileParserImpl.java:384:	The method 'writeProfileFeedResponse' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/com/bbb/account/profile/FeedFileParserImpl.java:387:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bufferedWriter' (lines '387'-'392').
src/com/bbb/account/profile/FeedFileParserImpl.java:387:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'bufferedWriter' (lines '387'-'444').
src/com/bbb/account/profile/FeedFileParserImpl.java:388:	Avoid excessively long variable names like bufferedWriterForFailure
src/com/bbb/account/profile/FeedFileParserImpl.java:388:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bufferedWriterForFailure' (lines '388'-'393').
src/com/bbb/account/profile/FeedFileParserImpl.java:388:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'bufferedWriterForFailure' (lines '388'-'444').
src/com/bbb/account/profile/FeedFileParserImpl.java:402:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/account/profile/FeedFileParserImpl.java:415:	A throw statement in a finally block makes the control flow hard to understand.
src/com/bbb/account/profile/FeedFileParserImpl.java:447:	Avoid excessively long variable names like isRegistrantResponse
src/com/bbb/account/profile/FeedFileParserImpl.java:447:	Avoid excessively long variable names like registryResponseVOs
src/com/bbb/account/profile/FeedFileParserImpl.java:447:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'registryKey' (lines '447'-'467').
src/com/bbb/account/profile/FeedFileParserImpl.java:447:	The method 'writeRegistryFeedResponse' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 14.
src/com/bbb/account/profile/FeedFileParserImpl.java:449:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bufferedWriter' (lines '449'-'454').
src/com/bbb/account/profile/FeedFileParserImpl.java:449:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bufferedWriter' (lines '449'-'457').
src/com/bbb/account/profile/FeedFileParserImpl.java:449:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'bufferedWriter' (lines '449'-'516').
src/com/bbb/account/profile/FeedFileParserImpl.java:450:	Avoid excessively long variable names like bufferedWriterForFailure
src/com/bbb/account/profile/FeedFileParserImpl.java:450:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bufferedWriterForFailure' (lines '450'-'455').
src/com/bbb/account/profile/FeedFileParserImpl.java:450:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bufferedWriterForFailure' (lines '450'-'458').
src/com/bbb/account/profile/FeedFileParserImpl.java:450:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'bufferedWriterForFailure' (lines '450'-'516').
src/com/bbb/account/profile/FeedFileParserImpl.java:468:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/account/profile/FeedFileParserImpl.java:486:	A throw statement in a finally block makes the control flow hard to understand.
src/com/bbb/account/profile/FeedFileParserImpl.java:491:	The String literal "Error occured while closing registry response feed file at location : " appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 491
src/com/bbb/account/profile/FeedFileParserImpl.java:520:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'siteId' (lines '520'-'522').
src/com/bbb/account/profile/FeedFileParserImpl.java:525:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'siteId' (lines '525'-'540').
src/com/bbb/account/profile/FeedFileParserImpl.java:527:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'siteId' (lines '527'-'540').
src/com/bbb/account/profile/FeedFileParserImpl.java:529:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'siteId' (lines '529'-'540').
src/com/bbb/account/profile/ProfileFeedScheduler.java:48:	Avoid excessively long variable names like JOB_TRANSACTION_ENABLED
src/com/bbb/account/profile/ProfileFeedScheduler.java:87:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mProcessProfileFeed
src/com/bbb/account/profile/ProfileFeedScheduler.java:92:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mProcessRegistryFeed
src/com/bbb/account/profile/ProfileFeedScheduler.java:105:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pProcessProfileFeed
src/com/bbb/account/profile/ProfileFeedScheduler.java:105:	Parameter 'pProcessProfileFeed' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/profile/ProfileFeedScheduler.java:119:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pProcessRegistryFeed
src/com/bbb/account/profile/ProfileFeedScheduler.java:119:	Parameter 'pProcessRegistryFeed' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/profile/ProfileFeedScheduler.java:133:	Parameter 'pEnable' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/profile/ProfileFeedScheduler.java:147:	Parameter 'pFeedFileParser' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/profile/ProfileFeedScheduler.java:161:	Parameter 'pProfileFeedTool' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/profile/ProfileFeedScheduler.java:226:	Parameter 'pJobSchedule' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/profile/ProfileFeedScheduler.java:242:	Parameter 'pScheduler' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/profile/ProfileFeedScheduler.java:254:	Parameter 'pScheduledJob' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/profile/ProfileFeedScheduler.java:254:	Parameter 'pScheduler' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/profile/ProfileFeedScheduler.java:303:	Local variable 'profileToMigrate' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/profile/ProfileFeedScheduler.java:326:	Local variable 'registryToMigrate' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/profile/ProfileFeedTools.java:15:	A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
src/com/bbb/account/profile/ProfileFeedTools.java:59:	The class 'ProfileFeedTools' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 5 (Highest = 21).
src/com/bbb/account/profile/ProfileFeedTools.java:59:	This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/com/bbb/account/profile/ProfileFeedTools.java:84:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mTransactionManager
src/com/bbb/account/profile/ProfileFeedTools.java:89:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mBBBProfilePropertyManager
src/com/bbb/account/profile/ProfileFeedTools.java:94:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mBbbProfileService
src/com/bbb/account/profile/ProfileFeedTools.java:99:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mGiftRegistryManager
src/com/bbb/account/profile/ProfileFeedTools.java:111:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pGiftRegistryManager
src/com/bbb/account/profile/ProfileFeedTools.java:111:	Parameter 'pGiftRegistryManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/profile/ProfileFeedTools.java:125:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pBbbProfileService
src/com/bbb/account/profile/ProfileFeedTools.java:125:	Parameter 'pBbbProfileService' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/profile/ProfileFeedTools.java:135:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pTransactionManager
src/com/bbb/account/profile/ProfileFeedTools.java:135:	Parameter 'pTransactionManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/profile/ProfileFeedTools.java:158:	Parameter 'pProfileTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/profile/ProfileFeedTools.java:172:	Parameter 'pFileLocation' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/profile/ProfileFeedTools.java:188:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pBBBProfilePropertyManager
src/com/bbb/account/profile/ProfileFeedTools.java:188:	Parameter 'pBBBProfilePropertyManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/profile/ProfileFeedTools.java:197:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/account/profile/ProfileFeedTools.java:197:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'profileMapkey' (lines '197'-'204').
src/com/bbb/account/profile/ProfileFeedTools.java:197:	Parameter 'pProfileVOs' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/profile/ProfileFeedTools.java:197:	The method 'saveProfiles' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 21.
src/com/bbb/account/profile/ProfileFeedTools.java:197:	The method saveProfiles() has an NCSS line count of 100
src/com/bbb/account/profile/ProfileFeedTools.java:200:	Avoid excessively long variable names like profileFeedResponse
src/com/bbb/account/profile/ProfileFeedTools.java:200:	Local variable 'profileFeedResponse' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/profile/ProfileFeedTools.java:202:	Local variable 'profileMapkey' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/profile/ProfileFeedTools.java:205:	Local variable 'profileVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/profile/ProfileFeedTools.java:206:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'transaction' (lines '206'-'206').
src/com/bbb/account/profile/ProfileFeedTools.java:206:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'transaction' (lines '206'-'233').
src/com/bbb/account/profile/ProfileFeedTools.java:206:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'transaction' (lines '206'-'277').
src/com/bbb/account/profile/ProfileFeedTools.java:206:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'transaction' (lines '206'-'340').
src/com/bbb/account/profile/ProfileFeedTools.java:207:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isException' (lines '207'-'207').
src/com/bbb/account/profile/ProfileFeedTools.java:207:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isException' (lines '207'-'251').
src/com/bbb/account/profile/ProfileFeedTools.java:207:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isException' (lines '207'-'256').
src/com/bbb/account/profile/ProfileFeedTools.java:207:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isException' (lines '207'-'297').
src/com/bbb/account/profile/ProfileFeedTools.java:207:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isException' (lines '207'-'302').
src/com/bbb/account/profile/ProfileFeedTools.java:207:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'isException' (lines '207'-'340').
src/com/bbb/account/profile/ProfileFeedTools.java:212:	Local variable 'bbbUserProfile' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/profile/ProfileFeedTools.java:213:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/account/profile/ProfileFeedTools.java:215:	Local variable 'diffSiteGroupUser' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/profile/ProfileFeedTools.java:225:	Avoid excessively long variable names like userAlreadyExistSameSite
src/com/bbb/account/profile/ProfileFeedTools.java:225:	Local variable 'userAlreadyExistSameSite' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/profile/ProfileFeedTools.java:231:	Local variable 'lastActivityTime' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/profile/ProfileFeedTools.java:235:	Local variable 'mutableBBBProfile' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/profile/ProfileFeedTools.java:239:	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/com/bbb/account/profile/ProfileFeedTools.java:241:	Avoid excessively long variable names like profileItemDescriptor
src/com/bbb/account/profile/ProfileFeedTools.java:241:	Local variable 'profileItemDescriptor' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/profile/ProfileFeedTools.java:243:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/account/profile/ProfileFeedTools.java:243:	Local variable 'propertyMap' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/profile/ProfileFeedTools.java:250:	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/com/bbb/account/profile/ProfileFeedTools.java:251:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isException' (lines '251'-'256').
src/com/bbb/account/profile/ProfileFeedTools.java:279:	Local variable 'lastActivityTime' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/profile/ProfileFeedTools.java:281:	Local variable 'mutableBBBProfile' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/profile/ProfileFeedTools.java:285:	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/com/bbb/account/profile/ProfileFeedTools.java:287:	Avoid excessively long variable names like profileItemDescriptor
src/com/bbb/account/profile/ProfileFeedTools.java:287:	Local variable 'profileItemDescriptor' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/profile/ProfileFeedTools.java:297:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isException' (lines '297'-'302').
src/com/bbb/account/profile/ProfileFeedTools.java:302:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isException' (lines '302'-'308').
src/com/bbb/account/profile/ProfileFeedTools.java:308:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isException' (lines '308'-'315').
src/com/bbb/account/profile/ProfileFeedTools.java:348:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'registryId' (lines '348'-'354').
src/com/bbb/account/profile/ProfileFeedTools.java:348:	Parameter 'pRegistriesVOs' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/profile/ProfileFeedTools.java:348:	The method 'saveProfileRegistries' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 12.
src/com/bbb/account/profile/ProfileFeedTools.java:352:	Local variable 'registryId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/profile/ProfileFeedTools.java:354:	Local variable 'registry' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/profile/ProfileFeedTools.java:356:	Local variable 'bbbUserProfile' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/profile/ProfileFeedTools.java:357:	Avoid excessively long variable names like userAlreadyExistSameSite
src/com/bbb/account/profile/ProfileFeedTools.java:357:	Local variable 'userAlreadyExistSameSite' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/profile/ProfileFeedTools.java:362:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/account/profile/ProfileFeedTools.java:362:	Local variable 'giftRegistryVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/profile/ProfileFeedTools.java:363:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/account/profile/ProfileFeedTools.java:363:	Local variable 'registryType' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/profile/ProfileFeedTools.java:364:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/account/profile/ProfileFeedTools.java:364:	Local variable 'event' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/profile/ProfileFeedTools.java:365:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/account/profile/ProfileFeedTools.java:365:	Local variable 'registrantVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/profile/ProfileFeedTools.java:381:	The String literal " and id :" appears 8 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 381
src/com/bbb/account/profile/ProfileFeedTools.java:422:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'registryId' (lines '422'-'426').
src/com/bbb/account/profile/ProfileFeedTools.java:422:	Parameter 'pRegistriesVOs' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/profile/ProfileFeedTools.java:425:	Local variable 'registryId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/profile/ProfileFeedTools.java:427:	Local variable 'registry' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/profile/ProfileFeedTools.java:431:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/account/profile/ProfileFeedTools.java:433:	Avoid excessively long variable names like userAlreadyExistSameSite
src/com/bbb/account/profile/ProfileFeedTools.java:433:	Local variable 'userAlreadyExistSameSite' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/profile/ProfileFeedTools.java:435:	Avoid excessively long variable names like bbbCoRegistrantProfile
src/com/bbb/account/profile/ProfileFeedTools.java:435:	Local variable 'bbbCoRegistrantProfile' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/profile/ProfileFeedTools.java:438:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/account/profile/ProfileFeedTools.java:438:	Local variable 'giftRegistryVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/profile/ProfileFeedTools.java:439:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/account/profile/ProfileFeedTools.java:439:	Local variable 'registryType' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/profile/ProfileFeedTools.java:440:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/account/profile/ProfileFeedTools.java:440:	Local variable 'event' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/profile/ProfileFeedTools.java:441:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/account/profile/ProfileFeedTools.java:441:	Local variable 'registrantVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/profile/ProfileFeedTools.java:497:	Avoid excessively long variable names like transactionManager
src/com/bbb/account/profile/ProfileFeedTools.java:497:	Local variable 'transactionManager' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/profile/ProfileFeedTools.java:520:	Parameter 'isError' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/profile/ProfileFeedTools.java:520:	Parameter 'pTransaction' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/profile/ProfileFeedTools.java:520:	The method 'endTransaction' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/com/bbb/account/profile/ProfileFeedTools.java:553:	Parameter 'bbbProfile' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/profile/ProfileFeedTools.java:553:	Parameter 'migratedProfile' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/profile/ProfileFeedTools.java:573:	Parameter 'profileVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/profile/ProfileFeedTools.java:576:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'transaction' (lines '576'-'579').
src/com/bbb/account/profile/ProfileFeedTools.java:577:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isException' (lines '577'-'606').
src/com/bbb/account/profile/ProfileFeedTools.java:578:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'savedProfile' (lines '578'-'599').
src/com/bbb/account/profile/ProfileFeedTools.java:583:	Local variable 'profileObj' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/profile/ProfileFeedTools.java:596:	Local variable 'encrypted' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/profile/ProfileFeedTools.java:606:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isException' (lines '606'-'612').
src/com/bbb/account/profile/ProfileFeedTools.java:631:	Parameter 'profileVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/profile/ProfileFeedTools.java:631:	The method 'validateProfileDetails' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 14.
src/com/bbb/account/profile/ProfileFeedTools.java:631:	The method validateProfileDetails() has an NPath complexity of 2304
src/com/bbb/account/profile/ProfileFeedTools.java:634:	Local variable 'errorMessage' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/profile/ProfileFeedTools.java:634:	StringBuffer constructor is initialized with size 16, but has at least 144 characters appended.
src/com/bbb/account/profile/ProfileFeedTools.java:680:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'type' (lines '680'-'703').
src/com/bbb/account/profile/ProfileFeedTools.java:680:	Parameter 'registryVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/profile/ProfileFeedTools.java:680:	The method 'validateRegistryDetails' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 20.
src/com/bbb/account/profile/ProfileFeedTools.java:680:	The method validateRegistryDetails() has an NPath complexity of 9792
src/com/bbb/account/profile/ProfileFeedTools.java:683:	Local variable 'errorMessage' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/profile/ProfileFeedTools.java:683:	StringBuffer constructor is initialized with size 16, but has at least 128 characters appended.
src/com/bbb/account/profile/ProfileFeedTools.java:695:	The String literal "Invalid Event type," appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 695
src/com/bbb/account/profile/ProfileFeedTools.java:698:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'findRegistryType' (lines '698'-'705').
src/com/bbb/account/profile/ProfileFeedTools.java:702:	Local variable 'type' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/profile/ProfileFeedTools.java:705:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'findRegistryType' (lines '705'-'705').
src/com/bbb/account/profile/ProfileFeedTools.java:710:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 3 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/com/bbb/account/profile/ProfileFeedTools.java:747:	Parameter 'dateAsString' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/profile/ProfileFeedTools.java:749:	Local variable 'formatter' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/profile/ProfileFeedTools.java:750:	Local variable 'date' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/profile/ProfileFeedTools.java:751:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'date'
src/com/bbb/account/profile/ProfileFeedTools.java:763:	Local variable 'formatter' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/profile/ProfileFeedTools.java:768:	Local variable 'dateAsString' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/profile/ProfileFeedTools.java:769:	Local variable 'date' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/profile/ProfileFeedTools.java:770:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'date'
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:17:	A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:17:	High amount of different objects as members denotes a high coupling
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:17:	This class has a bunch of public methods and attributes
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:100:	Avoid really long classes.
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:100:	The class 'BBBProfileServices' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 6 (Highest = 33).
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:100:	This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:100:	Too many fields
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:108:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ET_FORGOT_PASSWORD
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:113:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CONTENT_CATALOG_CONFIG_KEY
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:114:	Avoid excessively long variable names like BED_BATH_AND_BEYOND_US_SITE_ID
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:115:	Avoid excessively long variable names like BED_BATH_AND_BEYOND_CA_SITE_ID
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:116:	Avoid excessively long variable names like BUY_BUY_BABY_SITE_ID
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:117:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFT_REGISTRY_MANAGER
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:117:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'GIFT_REGISTRY_MANAGER'.
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:121:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mLblTxtTemplateManager
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:122:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mTemplateEmailSender
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:128:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mGiftRegistryTools
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:130:	Avoid excessively long variable names like profilePropertyManager
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:131:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mTransactionManager
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:134:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mEmailContentProcessor
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:136:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mSendEmailInSeparateThread
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:138:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mGiftRegistryManager
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:139:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mSiteContextManager
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:146:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pSiteContextManager
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:146:	Parameter 'pSiteContextManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:160:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pGiftRegistryManager
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:160:	Parameter 'pGiftRegistryManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:174:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pEmailContentProcessor
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:174:	Parameter 'pEmailContentProcessor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:188:	Parameter 'pTemplateURL' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:202:	Parameter 'pGiftRepository' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:218:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pLblTxtTemplateManager
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:248:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mTemplateEmailSender
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:267:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:267:	The method 'login' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 27.
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:267:	The method login() has an NCSS line count of 100
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:267:	The method login() has an NPath complexity of 9888
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:273:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:277:	Avoid excessively long variable names like errorPlaceHolderMap
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:278:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'status' (lines '278'-'410').
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:279:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'isAccountLocked' (lines '279'-'410').
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:288:	Local variable 'site' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:289:	Local variable 'context' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:291:	Avoid excessively long variable names like siteContextException
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:294:	Avoid empty catch blocks
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:294:	Avoid using exceptions as flow control.
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:301:	The String literal "err_fetch_profile" appears 21 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 301
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:306:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:308:	Local variable 'diffSiteGroup' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:309:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:311:	Local variable 'validProfile' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:314:	Local variable 'siteAssociation' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:319:	The String literal "err_account_locked" appears 12 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 319
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:322:	The String literal "err_invalid_password" appears 8 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 322
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:338:	The String literal "err_profile_exist_sister_site" appears 11 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 338
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:344:	Local variable 'siteAssociation' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:373:	The String literal "err_extend_profile" appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 373
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:387:	The String literal "err_profile_exist_diff_site_group" appears 14 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 387
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:392:	The String literal "err_profile_not_found" appears 8 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 392
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:416:	Avoid excessively long variable names like profileInfoRequestVO
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:416:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:416:	The method 'getProfileInfo' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 26.
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:416:	The method getProfileInfo() has an NPath complexity of 33040
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:421:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:422:	Avoid excessively long variable names like profileInfoResponseVO
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:422:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'profileInfoResponseVO' (lines '422'-'545').
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:423:	Avoid excessively long variable names like errorPlaceHolderMap
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:424:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'status' (lines '424'-'545').
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:430:	Local variable 'site' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:431:	Local variable 'context' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:433:	Avoid excessively long variable names like siteContextException
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:436:	Avoid empty catch blocks
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:436:	Avoid using exceptions as flow control.
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:448:	The String literal "err_profile_not_found_for_email" appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 448
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:464:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:468:	The String literal "err_profile_not_found_for_profileId" appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 468
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:481:	Local variable 'diffSiteGroup' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:482:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:484:	Local variable 'validProfile' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:490:	Local variable 'siteAssociation' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:547:	Avoid excessively long variable names like linkProfileRequestVO
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:547:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:547:	The method 'linkProfileAndRegistry' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 22.
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:547:	The method linkProfileAndRegistry() has an NPath complexity of 17320
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:552:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:553:	Avoid excessively long variable names like linkProfileResponseVO
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:554:	Avoid excessively long variable names like errorPlaceHolderMap
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:555:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'status' (lines '555'-'686').
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:560:	Local variable 'site' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:561:	Local variable 'context' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:563:	Avoid excessively long variable names like siteContextException
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:566:	Avoid empty catch blocks
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:566:	Avoid using exceptions as flow control.
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:569:	Avoid excessively long variable names like bbbRegistrantProfile
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:570:	Avoid excessively long variable names like bbbCoRegistrantProfile
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:579:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:594:	Local variable 'diffSiteGroup' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:595:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:597:	Local variable 'registryVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:598:	Local variable 'registrantVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:599:	Local variable 'eventVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:600:	Local variable 'registryTypes' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:617:	The String literal "err_system_exp" appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 617
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:626:	Local variable 'templateInfo' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:630:	Local variable 'placeHolderMap' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:632:	The String literal "BBBWebServices" appears 9 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 632
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:632:	The String literal "profileWSContextPath" appears 8 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 632
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:653:	Local variable 'pTemplateParams' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:655:	Local variable 'users' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:665:	Local variable 'error' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:688:	Avoid excessively long variable names like linkCoRegistrantRequestVO
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:688:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:688:	The method 'linkCoRegistrant' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 21.
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:688:	The method linkCoRegistrant() has an NPath complexity of 7960
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:693:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:694:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'status' (lines '694'-'832').
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:695:	Avoid excessively long variable names like linkCoRegistrantResponseVO
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:696:	Avoid excessively long variable names like errorPlaceHolderMap
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:701:	Local variable 'site' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:702:	Local variable 'context' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:704:	Avoid excessively long variable names like siteContextException
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:707:	Avoid empty catch blocks
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:707:	Avoid using exceptions as flow control.
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:711:	Avoid excessively long variable names like bbbCoregistrantProfile
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:716:	Local variable 'invalidRegistry' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:716:	The String literal "err_fetch_registry" appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 716
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:720:	Local variable 'invalidRegistry' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:726:	Local variable 'error' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:731:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:732:	Local variable 'diffSiteGroup' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:733:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:735:	Local variable 'registryVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:736:	Local variable 'registrantVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:737:	Local variable 'eventVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:738:	Local variable 'registryTypes' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:769:	Avoid excessively long variable names like bbbRegistrantProfile
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:769:	Local variable 'bbbRegistrantProfile' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:771:	Local variable 'templateInfo' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:774:	Local variable 'placeHolderMap' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:797:	Local variable 'pTemplateParams' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:799:	Local variable 'users' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:808:	Local variable 'error' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:812:	Local variable 'error' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:834:	Avoid excessively long variable names like billingAddressRequestVO
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:834:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:834:	The method 'getBillingAddress' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 28.
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:834:	The method getBillingAddress() has an NPath complexity of 75040
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:839:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:840:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'status' (lines '840'-'970').
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:841:	Avoid excessively long variable names like billingAddressResponseVO
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:842:	Avoid excessively long variable names like errorPlaceHolderMap
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:847:	Local variable 'site' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:848:	Local variable 'context' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:850:	Avoid excessively long variable names like siteContextException
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:853:	Avoid empty catch blocks
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:853:	Avoid using exceptions as flow control.
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:883:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:900:	Local variable 'diffSiteGroup' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:901:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:903:	Local variable 'siteAssociation' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:904:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:909:	Local variable 'country' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:911:	Avoid excessively long variable names like defaultBillingAddress
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:911:	Local variable 'defaultBillingAddress' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:916:	Local variable 'siteDetail' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:921:	The String literal "err_fetch_billing_address" appears 18 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 921
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:972:	Avoid excessively long variable names like errorPlaceHolderMap
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:972:	Avoid unused method parameters such as 'pRespVO'.
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:980:	The String literal "err_empty_siteId" appears 14 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 980
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:983:	The String literal "err_invalid_siteId" appears 14 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 983
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:991:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:998:	The String literal "err_empty_password" appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 998
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1008:	Parameter 'pNewPassword' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1008:	Parameter 'pProfile' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1008:	Parameter 'pRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1008:	Parameter 'pResponse' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1009:	Local variable 'params' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1014:	Parameter 'login' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1015:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'users' (lines '1,015'-'1,019').
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1017:	Local variable 'user' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1019:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'users' (lines '1,019'-'1,020').
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1029:	Avoid excessively long variable names like errorPlaceHolderMap
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1036:	Local variable 'invalidEmail' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1036:	The String literal "err_empty_email" appears 9 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 1,036
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1040:	Local variable 'invalidEmail' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1040:	The String literal "err_invalid_email" appears 12 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 1,040
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1046:	Local variable 'invalidSiteId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1059:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1059:	Parameter 'forgotPassReqVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1059:	The method 'forgotPassword' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 20.
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1059:	The method forgotPassword() has an NPath complexity of 1960
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1064:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1065:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'success' (lines '1,065'-'1,175').
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1066:	Avoid excessively long variable names like forgotPasswordResponseVO
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1066:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'forgotPasswordResponseVO' (lines '1,066'-'1,175').
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1066:	Local variable 'forgotPasswordResponseVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1067:	Avoid excessively long variable names like errorPlaceHolderMap
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1069:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'bbbProfile' (lines '1,069'-'1,175').
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1070:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'newPassword' (lines '1,070'-'1,175').
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1074:	Local variable 'site' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1075:	Local variable 'context' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1077:	Avoid excessively long variable names like siteContextException
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1080:	Avoid empty catch blocks
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1080:	Avoid using exceptions as flow control.
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1085:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1086:	Local variable 'diffSiteGroup' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1087:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1088:	Local variable 'siteAssociation' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1096:	Local variable 'templateInfo' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1105:	The String literal "err_send_email" appears 9 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 1,105
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1114:	Local variable 'pTemplateParams' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1115:	Local variable 'placeHolderMap' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1177:	Avoid excessively long variable names like errorPlaceHolderMap
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1177:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1177:	The method 'validateRegistration' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 33.
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1177:	The method validateRegistration() has an NPath complexity of 265356
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1184:	Local variable 'invalidEmail' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1187:	Local variable 'invalidEmail' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1192:	Local variable 'invalidSiteId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1195:	Local variable 'invalidSiteId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1200:	Local variable 'invalidEmail' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1203:	Local variable 'invalidFirstName' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1208:	Local variable 'invalidSiteId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1211:	Local variable 'invalidLastName' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1216:	Local variable 'invalidPassword' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1220:	Local variable 'invalidPassword' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1222:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1226:	Local variable 'invalidPassword' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1229:	Local variable 'invalidPassword' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1235:	Local variable 'invalidPhone' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1240:	Local variable 'invalidMobile' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1246:	Local variable 'bbbProfile' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1248:	Local variable 'diffSiteGroup' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1249:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1250:	Local variable 'validProfile' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1254:	Local variable 'isAccountLocked' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1269:	Local variable 'isAccountLocked' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1277:	Local variable 'siteAssociation' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1319:	Avoid excessively long variable names like errorPlaceHolderMap
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1319:	The method 'validateProfileInfo' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1325:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'profileIdCheck' (lines '1,325'-'1,329').
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1325:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'profileIdCheck' (lines '1,325'-'1,332').
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1336:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1338:	Local variable 'error' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1341:	Local variable 'error' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1344:	Local variable 'error' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1344:	The String literal "err_empty_profile_id" appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 1,344
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1350:	Local variable 'invalidPassword' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1364:	Avoid excessively long variable names like errorPlaceHolderMap
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1364:	Avoid unused method parameters such as 'pRespVO'.
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1364:	The method 'validateLinkProfile' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 12.
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1364:	The method validateLinkProfile() has an NPath complexity of 864
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1371:	Local variable 'invalidProfileId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1384:	Local variable 'invalidRegId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1384:	The String literal "err_empty_reg_id" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 1,384
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1389:	Local variable 'invalidEventType' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1389:	The String literal "err_empty_event_type" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 1,389
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1394:	Local variable 'invalidEventDate' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1394:	The String literal "err_empty_event_date" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 1,394
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1400:	Local variable 'invalidEventDate' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1400:	The String literal "err_invalid_event_date" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 1,400
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1406:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1407:	Local variable 'error' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1418:	Avoid excessively long variable names like errorPlaceHolderMap
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1418:	Avoid unused method parameters such as 'pRespVO'.
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1418:	The method 'validateCoRegistrant' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1418:	The method validateCoRegistrant() has an NPath complexity of 432
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1425:	Local variable 'invalidCoRegEmail' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1429:	Local variable 'invalidEmail' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1435:	Local variable 'invalidRegId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1448:	Local variable 'invalidEventType' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1453:	Local variable 'invalidEventType' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1459:	Local variable 'invalidEventDate' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1471:	Avoid excessively long variable names like errorPlaceHolderMap
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1471:	Avoid unused method parameters such as 'pRespVO'.
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1471:	The method 'validateBillingAddress' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 15.
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1471:	The method validateBillingAddress() has an NPath complexity of 864
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1477:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'profileIdCheck' (lines '1,477'-'1,481').
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1477:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'profileIdCheck' (lines '1,477'-'1,484').
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1488:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1490:	Local variable 'error' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1493:	Local variable 'error' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1496:	Local variable 'error' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1502:	Local variable 'error' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1506:	Local variable 'securityToken' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1507:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1509:	Local variable 'invalidToken' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1509:	The String literal "err_invalid_token" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 1,509
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1513:	Local variable 'invalidToken' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1517:	The String literal "err_fetching_ws_token" appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 1,517
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1518:	Local variable 'invalidToken' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1522:	Local variable 'invalidToken' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1550:	Avoid excessively long variable names like transactionManager
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1550:	Local variable 'transactionManager' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1566:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1566:	Parameter 'profileRequestVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1566:	The method 'createUser' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 30.
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1566:	The method createUser() has an NCSS line count of 107
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1566:	The method createUser() has an NPath complexity of 699600
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1571:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1572:	Local variable 'profileResponseVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1573:	Avoid excessively long variable names like errorPlaceHolderMap
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1577:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'emailOptInFlag' (lines '1,577'-'1,579').
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1577:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'emailOptInFlag' (lines '1,577'-'1,581').
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1579:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'emailOptInFlag' (lines '1,579'-'1,739').
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1581:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'emailOptInFlag' (lines '1,581'-'1,739').
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1586:	Local variable 'site' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1587:	Local variable 'context' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1589:	Avoid excessively long variable names like siteContextException
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1592:	Avoid empty catch blocks
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1592:	Avoid using exceptions as flow control.
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1606:	Local variable 'profileObj' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1619:	Local variable 'encrypted' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1641:	Local variable 'templateInfo' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1643:	Local variable 'placeHolderMap' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1660:	Local variable 'pTemplateParams' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1673:	Local variable 'noProfile' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1684:	Local variable 'sendEmail' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1695:	Local variable 'invalidEmail' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1752:	Parameter 'pProfileTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1797:	Parameter 'catalogTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1812:	Parameter 'profileManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1827:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pGiftRegistryTools
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1827:	Parameter 'pGiftRegistryTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1840:	Parameter 'isError' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1840:	Parameter 'pTransaction' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1840:	The method 'endTransaction' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1877:	Avoid excessively long variable names like profilePropertyManager
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1877:	Parameter 'profilePropertyManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1892:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pTransactionManager
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1892:	Parameter 'pTransactionManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1906:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pSendEmailInSeparateThread
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1906:	Parameter 'pSendEmailInSeparateThread' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1920:	Parameter 'pPersistEmails' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1931:	Avoid excessively long variable names like errorPlaceHolderMap
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1931:	Parameter 'errorPlaceHolderMap' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1931:	Parameter 'profileId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1931:	Parameter 'profileRequestVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1931:	Parameter 'siteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1934:	Local variable 'emailParams' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1936:	Avoid excessively long variable names like bbbSystemException
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1937:	The String literal "err_profile_send_email" appears 9 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 1,937
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1938:	Local variable 'errProfile' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1940:	Avoid excessively long variable names like bbbBusinessException
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1942:	Local variable 'errProfile' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1944:	Avoid excessively long variable names like configurationException
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1946:	Local variable 'errProfile' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1960:	Parameter 'profileId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1960:	Parameter 'profileRequestVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1960:	Parameter 'siteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1964:	Local variable 'emailParams' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1986:	Local variable 'siteIds' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:1987:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'siteFlag' (lines '1,987'-'1,989').
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:2003:	Parameter 'dateAsString' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:2005:	Local variable 'formatter' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:2006:	Local variable 'date' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:2007:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'date'
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:2011:	Avoid excessively long variable names like profileInfoRequestVO
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:2011:	Parameter 'bbbProfile' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:2011:	Parameter 'profileInfoRequestVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:2011:	The method 'fetchProfileDetails' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 18.
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:2011:	The method fetchProfileDetails() has an NPath complexity of 312500
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:2012:	Avoid excessively long variable names like errorPlaceHolderMap
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:2012:	Avoid excessively long variable names like profileInfoResponseVO
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:2012:	Parameter 'errorPlaceHolderMap' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:2012:	Parameter 'profileInfoResponseVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:2020:	Avoid excessively long variable names like defaultBillingAddress
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:2020:	Local variable 'defaultBillingAddress' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:2021:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'country' (lines '2,021'-'2,049').
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:2022:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'address' (lines '2,022'-'2,026').
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:2022:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'address' (lines '2,022'-'2,050').
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:2027:	Local variable 'siteDetail' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:2049:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'country' (lines '2,049'-'2,077').
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:2050:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:2050:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'address' (lines '2,050'-'2,055').
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:2050:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'address' (lines '2,050'-'2,077').
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:2051:	Avoid excessively long variable names like defaultShippingAddress
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:2051:	Local variable 'defaultShippingAddress' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:2056:	Local variable 'siteDetail' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:2061:	The String literal "err_fetch_shipping_address" appears 9 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 2,061
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:2079:	Parameter 'siteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:2081:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isValid' (lines '2,081'-'2,089').
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:2084:	Avoid excessively long variable names like bedBathandUSSiteId
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:2084:	Local variable 'bedBathandUSSiteId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:2085:	Local variable 'buybuybabySiteId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:2086:	Avoid excessively long variable names like bedBathandCASiteId
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:2086:	Local variable 'bedBathandCASiteId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:2101:	Parameter 'isProfileId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:2101:	Parameter 'profileIdOrEmail' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:2103:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bbbProfile' (lines '2,103'-'2,106').
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:2103:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bbbProfile' (lines '2,103'-'2,108').
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:2114:	Parameter 'email' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:2114:	Parameter 'password' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:2115:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'valid' (lines '2,115'-'2,118').
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServices.java:2116:	Local variable 'map' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServicesConstant.java:5:	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/BBBProfileServicesConstant.java:12:	Avoid variables with short names like NO
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/vo/BillingAddressRequestVO.java:19:	Parameter 'email' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/vo/BillingAddressRequestVO.java:31:	Parameter 'profileId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/vo/BillingAddressRequestVO.java:43:	Parameter 'securityToken' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/vo/BillingAddressRequestVO.java:55:	Parameter 'siteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/vo/BillingAddressResponseVO.java:17:	Avoid excessively long variable names like defaultBillingAddress
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/vo/BillingAddressResponseVO.java:30:	Parameter 'profileId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/vo/BillingAddressResponseVO.java:42:	Parameter 'email' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/vo/BillingAddressResponseVO.java:54:	Avoid excessively long variable names like defaultBillingAddress
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/vo/BillingAddressResponseVO.java:54:	Parameter 'defaultBillingAddress' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/vo/BillingAddressResponseVO.java:73:	Parameter 'errorMap' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/vo/BillingAddressResponseVO.java:85:	Parameter 'error' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/vo/ForgotPasswordResponseVO.java:50:	Parameter 'errorMap' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/vo/ForgotPasswordResponseVO.java:62:	Parameter 'profileId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/vo/GenericProfileRequestVO.java:16:	Parameter 'appId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/vo/LinkCoRegistrantRequestVO.java:20:	Parameter 'coRegEmail' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/vo/LinkCoRegistrantRequestVO.java:32:	Parameter 'profileId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/vo/LinkCoRegistrantRequestVO.java:44:	Parameter 'regId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/vo/LinkCoRegistrantRequestVO.java:56:	Parameter 'eventType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/vo/LinkCoRegistrantRequestVO.java:68:	Parameter 'eventDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/vo/LinkCoRegistrantRequestVO.java:80:	Parameter 'siteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/vo/LinkCoRegistrantResponseVO.java:28:	Parameter 'coRegProfileId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/vo/LinkCoRegistrantResponseVO.java:47:	Parameter 'errorMap' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/vo/LinkCoRegistrantResponseVO.java:59:	Parameter 'error' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/vo/LinkProfileRequestVO.java:21:	Parameter 'profileId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/vo/LinkProfileRequestVO.java:33:	Parameter 'regId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/vo/LinkProfileRequestVO.java:45:	Parameter 'eventType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/vo/LinkProfileRequestVO.java:57:	Parameter 'eventDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/vo/LinkProfileRequestVO.java:69:	Parameter 'coRegEmail' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/vo/LinkProfileResponseVO.java:27:	Parameter 'profileId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/vo/LinkProfileResponseVO.java:39:	Parameter 'coRegProfileId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/vo/LinkProfileResponseVO.java:59:	Parameter 'errorMap' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/vo/LinkProfileResponseVO.java:71:	Parameter 'error' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/vo/LoginResponseVO.java:13:	Avoid excessively long variable names like profileAutoExtended
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/vo/LoginResponseVO.java:38:	Avoid excessively long variable names like profileAutoExtended
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/vo/LoginResponseVO.java:56:	Parameter 'errorMap' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/vo/LoginResponseVO.java:68:	Parameter 'error' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/vo/ProfileInfoRequestVO.java:21:	Parameter 'email' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/vo/ProfileInfoRequestVO.java:33:	Parameter 'password' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/vo/ProfileInfoRequestVO.java:45:	Parameter 'siteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/vo/ProfileInfoRequestVO.java:57:	Parameter 'autoExtendProfile' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/vo/ProfileInfoRequestVO.java:69:	Parameter 'profileId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/vo/ProfileInfoResponseVO.java:22:	Avoid excessively long variable names like defaultShippingAddress
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/vo/ProfileInfoResponseVO.java:23:	Avoid excessively long variable names like defaultBillingAddress
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/vo/ProfileInfoResponseVO.java:37:	Parameter 'profileId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/vo/ProfileInfoResponseVO.java:62:	Parameter 'lastName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/vo/ProfileInfoResponseVO.java:74:	Parameter 'firstName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/vo/ProfileInfoResponseVO.java:86:	Parameter 'email' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/vo/ProfileInfoResponseVO.java:98:	Parameter 'phone' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/vo/ProfileInfoResponseVO.java:110:	Parameter 'mobile' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/vo/ProfileInfoResponseVO.java:122:	Avoid excessively long variable names like defaultShippingAddress
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/vo/ProfileInfoResponseVO.java:122:	Parameter 'defaultShippingAddress' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/vo/ProfileInfoResponseVO.java:134:	Avoid excessively long variable names like defaultBillingAddress
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/vo/ProfileInfoResponseVO.java:134:	Parameter 'defaultBillingAddress' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/vo/ProfileInfoResponseVO.java:160:	Parameter 'autoExtend' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/vo/ProfileInfoResponseVO.java:172:	Parameter 'errorMap' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/vo/ProfileResponseVO.java:51:	Parameter 'errorMap' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/webservices/vo/ProfileResponseVO.java:63:	Parameter 'error' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/admin/droplet/ListSchedulerJobs.java:19:	The class 'ListSchedulerJobs' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 10).
src/com/bbb/admin/droplet/ListSchedulerJobs.java:30:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/admin/droplet/ListSchedulerJobs.java:30:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'compName' (lines '30'-'57').
src/com/bbb/admin/droplet/ListSchedulerJobs.java:30:	The method 'printScheduleJobs' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/com/bbb/admin/droplet/ListSchedulerJobs.java:56:	Local variable 'compName' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/admin/droplet/ListSchedulerJobs.java:58:	Local variable 'object' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/admin/droplet/ListSchedulerJobs.java:66:	Local variable 'jobId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/admin/droplet/ListSchedulerJobs.java:67:	Avoid variables with short names like e
src/com/bbb/admin/droplet/ListSchedulerJobs.java:67:	Local variable 'e' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/admin/droplet/ListSchedulerJobs.java:73:	The String literal "</td>" appears 12 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 73
src/com/bbb/admin/droplet/ListSchedulerJobs.java:73:	The String literal "<td>" appears 12 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 73
src/com/bbb/admin/droplet/ListSchedulerJobs.java:75:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/admin/droplet/ListSchedulerJobs.java:76:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/admin/droplet/ListSchedulerJobs.java:82:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/admin/droplet/ListSchedulerJobs.java:86:	Local variable 'sourceName' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/admin/droplet/ListSchedulerJobs.java:89:	Avoid variables with short names like s
src/com/bbb/admin/droplet/ListSchedulerJobs.java:89:	Local variable 's' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/admin/droplet/ListSchedulerJobs.java:93:	A switch statement does not contain a break
src/com/bbb/admin/droplet/ListSchedulerJobs.java:93:	Switch statements should have a default label
src/com/bbb/admin/droplet/ListSchedulerJobs.java:133:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/com/bbb/admin/droplet/ListSchedulerJobs.java:142:	Parameter 'scheduler' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/admin/droplet/ListSchedulerJobs.java:150:	Parameter 'scheduleJobsList' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/affiliates/tags/MOM365TagUtils.java:20:	All methods are static.  Consider using Singleton instead.  Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/com/bbb/affiliates/tags/MOM365TagUtils.java:20:	The class 'MOM365TagUtils' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 8 (Highest = 11).
src/com/bbb/affiliates/tags/MOM365TagUtils.java:28:	Avoid variables with short names like c
src/com/bbb/affiliates/tags/MOM365TagUtils.java:28:	Parameter 'c' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/affiliates/tags/MOM365TagUtils.java:39:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CONTENT_CATALOG_KEYS
src/com/bbb/affiliates/tags/MOM365TagUtils.java:47:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'validReferer' (lines '47'-'50').
src/com/bbb/affiliates/tags/MOM365TagUtils.java:72:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'affiliate' (lines '72'-'75').
src/com/bbb/affiliates/tags/MOM365TagUtils.java:72:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'referrerKey' (lines '72'-'81').
src/com/bbb/affiliates/tags/MOM365TagUtils.java:72:	The method 'isValidReferrer' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/com/bbb/affiliates/tags/MOM365TagUtils.java:74:	Local variable 'affiliate' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/affiliates/tags/MOM365TagUtils.java:75:	Local variable 'key' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/affiliates/tags/MOM365TagUtils.java:77:	Local variable 'referrerKeys' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/affiliates/tags/MOM365TagUtils.java:78:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'destUrlKey' (lines '78'-'78').
src/com/bbb/affiliates/tags/MOM365TagUtils.java:78:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'destUrlKey' (lines '78'-'91').
src/com/bbb/affiliates/tags/MOM365TagUtils.java:78:	Local variable 'destUrlKey' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/affiliates/tags/MOM365TagUtils.java:79:	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/com/bbb/affiliates/tags/MOM365TagUtils.java:80:	Local variable 'referrerKey' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/affiliates/tags/MOM365TagUtils.java:81:	When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/com/bbb/affiliates/tags/MOM365TagUtils.java:81:	When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/com/bbb/affiliates/tags/MOM365TagUtils.java:82:	When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/com/bbb/affiliates/tags/MOM365TagUtils.java:82:	When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/com/bbb/affiliates/tags/MOM365TagUtils.java:94:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isMom365Enabled' (lines '94'-'105').
src/com/bbb/affiliates/tags/MOM365TagUtils.java:95:	Local variable 'siteId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/affiliates/tags/MOM365TagUtils.java:96:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'value' (lines '96'-'100').
src/com/bbb/affiliates/tags/MOM365TagUtils.java:96:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'value' (lines '96'-'102').
src/com/bbb/affiliates/tags/MOM365TagUtils.java:96:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'value' (lines '96'-'98').
src/com/bbb/browse/ActivateBigBlueFormHandler.java:23:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.constants.BBBWebServiceConstants'
src/com/bbb/browse/ActivateBigBlueFormHandler.java:23:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.constants.BBBWebServiceConstants'
src/com/bbb/browse/ActivateBigBlueFormHandler.java:24:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.exception.BBBBusinessException'
src/com/bbb/browse/ActivateBigBlueFormHandler.java:24:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.exception.BBBBusinessException'
src/com/bbb/browse/ActivateBigBlueFormHandler.java:25:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.exception.BBBSystemException'
src/com/bbb/browse/ActivateBigBlueFormHandler.java:25:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.exception.BBBSystemException'
src/com/bbb/browse/ActivateBigBlueFormHandler.java:32:	Too many fields
src/com/bbb/browse/ActivateBigBlueFormHandler.java:34:	Avoid excessively long variable names like RESPONSE_TYPE_JSON
src/com/bbb/browse/ActivateBigBlueFormHandler.java:41:	Field validateCaptcha has the same name as a method
src/com/bbb/browse/ActivateBigBlueFormHandler.java:46:	Avoid excessively long variable names like lblTxtTemplateManager
src/com/bbb/browse/ActivateBigBlueFormHandler.java:47:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'SCHEME_APPEND'.
src/com/bbb/browse/ActivateBigBlueFormHandler.java:50:	Avoid excessively long variable names like activateCouponManager
src/com/bbb/browse/ActivateBigBlueFormHandler.java:51:	Avoid excessively long variable names like activateCouponRespVO
src/com/bbb/browse/ActivateBigBlueFormHandler.java:65:	Parameter 'errorURL' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/browse/ActivateBigBlueFormHandler.java:69:	Parameter 'successURL' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/browse/ActivateBigBlueFormHandler.java:78:	Parameter 'emailAddress' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/browse/ActivateBigBlueFormHandler.java:86:	Parameter 'expiryDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/browse/ActivateBigBlueFormHandler.java:97:	Parameter 'mErrorMap' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/browse/ActivateBigBlueFormHandler.java:104:	Avoid excessively long variable names like activateCouponManager
src/com/bbb/browse/ActivateBigBlueFormHandler.java:104:	Parameter 'activateCouponManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/browse/ActivateBigBlueFormHandler.java:113:	Parameter 'rules' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/browse/ActivateBigBlueFormHandler.java:127:	Parameter 'pSiteContext' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/browse/ActivateBigBlueFormHandler.java:142:	Parameter 'pCurrentSite' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/browse/ActivateBigBlueFormHandler.java:156:	Parameter 'pCurrentPageURL' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/browse/ActivateBigBlueFormHandler.java:171:	Parameter 'pSuccessMessage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/browse/ActivateBigBlueFormHandler.java:179:	Avoid excessively long variable names like lblTxtTemplateManager
src/com/bbb/browse/ActivateBigBlueFormHandler.java:179:	Parameter 'lblTxtTemplateManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/browse/ActivateBigBlueFormHandler.java:192:	Parameter 'activateBigBlueVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/browse/ActivateBigBlueFormHandler.java:203:	Parameter 'mErrorMap' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/browse/ActivateBigBlueFormHandler.java:207:	Local variable 'sessionBean' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/browse/ActivateBigBlueFormHandler.java:208:	Local variable 'captcha' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/browse/ActivateBigBlueFormHandler.java:227:	Avoid unused method parameters such as 'pResponse'.
src/com/bbb/browse/ActivateBigBlueFormHandler.java:227:	Parameter 'mErrorMap' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/browse/ActivateBigBlueFormHandler.java:227:	Parameter 'pRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/browse/ActivateBigBlueFormHandler.java:227:	Parameter 'pResponse' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/browse/ActivateBigBlueFormHandler.java:251:	Avoid unused method parameters such as 'pResponse'.
src/com/bbb/browse/ActivateBigBlueFormHandler.java:251:	Parameter 'mErrorMap' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/browse/ActivateBigBlueFormHandler.java:251:	Parameter 'pRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/browse/ActivateBigBlueFormHandler.java:251:	Parameter 'pResponse' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/browse/ActivateBigBlueFormHandler.java:277:	Parameter 'sOfferCd' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/browse/ActivateBigBlueFormHandler.java:279:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'validateStatus' (lines '279'-'285').
src/com/bbb/browse/ActivateBigBlueFormHandler.java:279:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'validateStatus' (lines '279'-'288').
src/com/bbb/browse/ActivateBigBlueFormHandler.java:279:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'validateStatus' (lines '279'-'293').
src/com/bbb/browse/ActivateBigBlueFormHandler.java:281:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/browse/ActivateBigBlueFormHandler.java:283:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/browse/ActivateBigBlueFormHandler.java:323:	Parameter 'validateCaptcha' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/browse/ActivateBigBlueFormHandler.java:332:	Parameter 'pContextPath' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/browse/ActivateBigBlueFormHandler.java:349:	Parameter 'pContextAdded' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/browse/ActivateBigBlueFormHandler.java:364:	Parameter 'pTemplateUrl' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/browse/ActivateBigBlueFormHandler.java:378:	Parameter 'pBbbCatalogTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/browse/ActivateBigBlueFormHandler.java:386:	Parameter 'errorMessage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/browse/ActivateBigBlueFormHandler.java:398:	Parameter 'pRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/browse/ActivateBigBlueFormHandler.java:398:	Parameter 'pResponse' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/browse/ActivateBigBlueFormHandler.java:416:	Parameter 'pRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/browse/ActivateBigBlueFormHandler.java:416:	Parameter 'pResponse' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/browse/ActivateBigBlueFormHandler.java:419:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'sessionBean' (lines '419'-'468').
src/com/bbb/browse/ActivateBigBlueFormHandler.java:419:	Local variable 'sessionBean' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/browse/ActivateBigBlueFormHandler.java:422:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'siteId' (lines '422'-'468').
src/com/bbb/browse/ActivateBigBlueFormHandler.java:439:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/browse/ActivateBigBlueFormHandler.java:451:	Local variable 'emailAddr' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/browse/ActivateBigBlueFormHandler.java:460:	Local variable 'errorMessage' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/browse/BBBBackInStockFormHandler.java:39:	The class 'BBBBackInStockFormHandler' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 2 (Highest = 18).
src/com/bbb/browse/BBBBackInStockFormHandler.java:39:	Too many fields
src/com/bbb/browse/BBBBackInStockFormHandler.java:52:	Avoid excessively long variable names like MSG_INVALIDATE_EMAIL_FORMAT
src/com/bbb/browse/BBBBackInStockFormHandler.java:55:	Avoid excessively long variable names like lblTxtTemplateManager
src/com/bbb/browse/BBBBackInStockFormHandler.java:116:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mConfirmEmailAddress
src/com/bbb/browse/BBBBackInStockFormHandler.java:122:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mConfirmEmailAddress
src/com/bbb/browse/BBBBackInStockFormHandler.java:129:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mProfileRepository
src/com/bbb/browse/BBBBackInStockFormHandler.java:142:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pProfileRepository
src/com/bbb/browse/BBBBackInStockFormHandler.java:232:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mNoJavascriptSuccessURL
src/com/bbb/browse/BBBBackInStockFormHandler.java:244:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pNoJavascriptSuccessURL
src/com/bbb/browse/BBBBackInStockFormHandler.java:253:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mNoJavascriptErrorURL
src/com/bbb/browse/BBBBackInStockFormHandler.java:265:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pNoJavascriptErrorURL
src/com/bbb/browse/BBBBackInStockFormHandler.java:279:	Parameter 'pLocale' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/browse/BBBBackInStockFormHandler.java:284:	Avoid variables with short names like rb
src/com/bbb/browse/BBBBackInStockFormHandler.java:284:	Local variable 'rb' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/browse/BBBBackInStockFormHandler.java:303:	The String literal "rawtypes" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 303
src/com/bbb/browse/BBBBackInStockFormHandler.java:304:	Parameter 'pRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/browse/BBBBackInStockFormHandler.java:304:	The method 'handleSendOOSEmail' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 18.
src/com/bbb/browse/BBBBackInStockFormHandler.java:304:	The method handleSendOOSEmail() has an NPath complexity of 2160
src/com/bbb/browse/BBBBackInStockFormHandler.java:305:	Parameter 'pResponse' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/browse/BBBBackInStockFormHandler.java:350:	Local variable 'emailParams' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/browse/BBBBackInStockFormHandler.java:359:	The String literal "err_bis_biz_exception" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 359
src/com/bbb/browse/BBBBackInStockFormHandler.java:366:	The String literal "err_bis_sys_exception" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 366
src/com/bbb/browse/BBBBackInStockFormHandler.java:391:	Parameter 'pRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/browse/BBBBackInStockFormHandler.java:392:	Parameter 'pResponse' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/browse/BBBBackInStockFormHandler.java:420:	Parameter 'pRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/browse/BBBBackInStockFormHandler.java:421:	Parameter 'pResponse' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/browse/BBBBackInStockFormHandler.java:441:	Parameter 'pRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/browse/BBBBackInStockFormHandler.java:442:	Parameter 'pResponse' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/browse/BBBBackInStockFormHandler.java:453:	Local variable 'emailParams' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/browse/BBBBackInStockFormHandler.java:492:	Local variable 'emailParams' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/browse/BBBBackInStockFormHandler.java:496:	Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/com/bbb/browse/BBBBackInStockFormHandler.java:496:	Local variable 'vo' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/browse/BBBBackInStockFormHandler.java:497:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/browse/BBBBackInStockFormHandler.java:511:	Local variable 'siteId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/browse/BBBBackInStockFormHandler.java:512:	Local variable 'siteIds' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/browse/BBBBackInStockFormHandler.java:529:	Local variable 'emailParams' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/browse/BBBBackInStockFormHandler.java:535:	Local variable 'siteId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/browse/BBBBackInStockFormHandler.java:536:	Local variable 'siteIds' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/browse/BBBBackInStockFormHandler.java:576:	Parameter 'siteContext' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/browse/BBBBackInStockFormHandler.java:590:	Parameter 'catalogTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/browse/BBBBackInStockFormHandler.java:604:	Avoid excessively long variable names like lblTxtTemplateManager
src/com/bbb/browse/BBBBackInStockFormHandler.java:604:	Parameter 'lblTxtTemplateManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/browse/BBBCaptchaServlet.java:50:	Local variable 'sessionBean' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/browse/BBBEmailSenderFormHandler.java:1:	This class has a bunch of public methods and attributes
src/com/bbb/browse/BBBEmailSenderFormHandler.java:10:	Avoid unused imports such as 'atg.commerce.catalog.CatalogTools'
src/com/bbb/browse/BBBEmailSenderFormHandler.java:10:	Avoid unused imports such as 'atg.commerce.catalog.CatalogTools'
src/com/bbb/browse/BBBEmailSenderFormHandler.java:34:	Too many fields
src/com/bbb/browse/BBBEmailSenderFormHandler.java:37:	Avoid excessively long variable names like MSG_ACTION_SUCCESS
src/com/bbb/browse/BBBEmailSenderFormHandler.java:103:	Parameter 'mStoreContextPath' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/browse/BBBEmailSenderFormHandler.java:111:	Parameter 'pServerName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/browse/BBBEmailSenderFormHandler.java:119:	Parameter 'pContextPath' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/browse/BBBEmailSenderFormHandler.java:123:	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/com/bbb/browse/BBBEmailSenderFormHandler.java:161:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/com/bbb/browse/BBBEmailSenderFormHandler.java:182:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/com/bbb/browse/BBBEmailSenderFormHandler.java:345:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mRecipientNameParamName
src/com/bbb/browse/BBBEmailSenderFormHandler.java:350:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mRecipientEmailParamName
src/com/bbb/browse/BBBEmailSenderFormHandler.java:355:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mSenderNameParamName
src/com/bbb/browse/BBBEmailSenderFormHandler.java:360:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mSenderEmailParamName
src/com/bbb/browse/BBBEmailSenderFormHandler.java:379:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pRecipientNameParamName
src/com/bbb/browse/BBBEmailSenderFormHandler.java:400:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pRecipientEmailParamName
src/com/bbb/browse/BBBEmailSenderFormHandler.java:421:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pSenderNameParamName
src/com/bbb/browse/BBBEmailSenderFormHandler.java:442:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pSenderEmailParamName
src/com/bbb/browse/BBBEmailSenderFormHandler.java:511:	Parameter 'mCatalogTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/browse/BBBEmailSenderFormHandler.java:527:	Parameter 'pProfile' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/browse/BBBEmailSenderFormHandler.java:585:	Parameter 'mEmailSender' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/browse/BBBEmailSenderFormHandler.java:600:	Parameter 'pRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/browse/BBBEmailSenderFormHandler.java:601:	Parameter 'pResponse' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/browse/BBBEmailSenderFormHandler.java:646:	Parameter 'pRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/browse/BBBEmailSenderFormHandler.java:649:	Local variable 'emailParams' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/browse/BBBEmailSenderFormHandler.java:650:	Local variable 'channel' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/browse/BBBEmailSenderFormHandler.java:664:	Local variable 'configValue' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/browse/BBBEmailSenderFormHandler.java:665:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0) with calls to isEmpty()
src/com/bbb/browse/BBBEmailSenderFormHandler.java:694:	Parameter 'pException' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/browse/BBBEmailSenderFormHandler.java:694:	Parameter 'pMsgId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/browse/BBBEmailSenderFormHandler.java:695:	Parameter 'pRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/browse/BBBEmailSenderFormHandler.java:696:	Parameter 'pResponse' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/browse/BBBEmailSenderFormHandler.java:701:	Local variable 'msg2' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/browse/BBBEmailSenderFormHandler.java:704:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/com/bbb/browse/BBBEmailSenderFormHandler.java:708:	Avoid variables with short names like de
src/com/bbb/browse/BazaarVoiceUtil.java:31:	Parameter 'sharedKey' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/browse/BazaarVoiceUtil.java:31:	Parameter 'userID' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/browse/BazaarVoiceUtil.java:32:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'userToken' (lines '32'-'34').
src/com/bbb/browse/BazaarVoiceUtil.java:51:	Parameter 'sharedKey' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/browse/BazaarVoiceUtil.java:51:	Parameter 'userID' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/browse/BazaarVoiceUtil.java:63:	StringBuffers can grow quite a lot, and so may become a source of memory leak (if the owning class has a long life time).
src/com/bbb/browse/BazaarVoiceUtil.java:74:	Parameter 'sharedKey' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/browse/BazaarVoiceUtil.java:74:	Parameter 'userID' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/browse/BazaarVoiceUtil.java:77:	Local variable 'today' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/browse/BazaarVoiceUtil.java:85:	Parameter 'key' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/browse/BazaarVoiceUtil.java:85:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/browse/BazaarVoiceUtil.java:121:	Parameter 'sharedKey' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/browse/BazaarVoiceUtil.java:121:	Parameter 'string' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/browse/BazaarVoiceUtil.java:122:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'signature' (lines '122'-'125').
src/com/bbb/browse/BazaarVoiceUtil.java:123:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'hexString' (lines '123'-'126').
src/com/bbb/browse/BazaarVoiceUtil.java:125:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'signature' (lines '125'-'131').
src/com/bbb/browse/BazaarVoiceUtil.java:126:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'hexString' (lines '126'-'131').
src/com/bbb/browse/BazaarVoiceUtil.java:140:	Parameter 'algorithm' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/browse/BazaarVoiceUtil.java:141:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'messageDigest' (lines '141'-'143').
src/com/bbb/browse/BazaarVoiceUtil.java:164:	Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/browse/BazaarVoiceUtil.java:165:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'getMd5Digest' (lines '165'-'167').
src/com/bbb/browse/BazaarVoiceUtil.java:178:	Parameter 'string' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/browse/BazaarVoiceUtil.java:179:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'urlEncoded' (lines '179'-'180').
src/com/bbb/browse/BazaarVoiceUtil.java:200:	Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/browse/BazaarVoiceUtil.java:202:	Avoid variables with short names like l
src/com/bbb/browse/BazaarVoiceUtil.java:202:	Local variable 'l' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/browse/BazaarVoiceUtil.java:204:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'out' (lines '204'-'208').
src/com/bbb/browse/BazaarVoiceUtil.java:207:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'j' (lines '207'-'213').
src/com/bbb/browse/BazaarVoiceUtil.java:208:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'out' (lines '208'-'209').
src/com/bbb/browse/BazaarVoiceUtil.java:209:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'out' (lines '209'-'208').
src/com/bbb/browse/EmailAFriendFormHandler.java:39:	The class 'EmailAFriendFormHandler' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 2 (Highest = 10).
src/com/bbb/browse/EmailAFriendFormHandler.java:41:	Avoid excessively long variable names like EMAIL_SENDING_EXCEPTION
src/com/bbb/browse/EmailAFriendFormHandler.java:42:	Avoid excessively long variable names like RESPONSE_TYPE_JSON
src/com/bbb/browse/EmailAFriendFormHandler.java:48:	Avoid excessively long variable names like lblTxtTemplateManager
src/com/bbb/browse/EmailAFriendFormHandler.java:53:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mProductIdParamName
src/com/bbb/browse/EmailAFriendFormHandler.java:60:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mCurrentCatalogURL
src/com/bbb/browse/EmailAFriendFormHandler.java:74:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mCurrentCatalogURL
src/com/bbb/browse/EmailAFriendFormHandler.java:209:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pProductIdParamName
src/com/bbb/browse/EmailAFriendFormHandler.java:253:	The method 'collectParams' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/com/bbb/browse/EmailAFriendFormHandler.java:297:	Avoid excessively long variable names like senderMessageHeader
src/com/bbb/browse/EmailAFriendFormHandler.java:324:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'email' (lines '324'-'356').
src/com/bbb/browse/EmailAFriendFormHandler.java:329:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isError' (lines '329'-'339').
src/com/bbb/browse/EmailAFriendFormHandler.java:329:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isError' (lines '329'-'351').
src/com/bbb/browse/EmailAFriendFormHandler.java:329:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isError' (lines '329'-'359').
src/com/bbb/browse/EmailAFriendFormHandler.java:329:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isError' (lines '329'-'371').
src/com/bbb/browse/EmailAFriendFormHandler.java:339:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isError' (lines '339'-'351').
src/com/bbb/browse/EmailAFriendFormHandler.java:339:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isError' (lines '339'-'359').
src/com/bbb/browse/EmailAFriendFormHandler.java:339:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isError' (lines '339'-'371').
src/com/bbb/browse/EmailAFriendFormHandler.java:347:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'emails' (lines '347'-'354').
src/com/bbb/browse/EmailAFriendFormHandler.java:347:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'emails' (lines '347'-'389').
src/com/bbb/browse/EmailAFriendFormHandler.java:351:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isError' (lines '351'-'371').
src/com/bbb/browse/EmailAFriendFormHandler.java:357:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/browse/EmailAFriendFormHandler.java:359:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isError' (lines '359'-'371').
src/com/bbb/browse/EmailAFriendFormHandler.java:410:	Avoid excessively long variable names like isRecipientEmailSuccess
src/com/bbb/browse/EmailAFriendFormHandler.java:427:	Avoid excessively long variable names like isSenderEmailSuccess
src/com/bbb/browse/EmailAFriendFormHandler.java:451:	Avoid excessively long variable names like isSenderEmailSuccess
src/com/bbb/browse/EmailAFriendFormHandler.java:490:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'success' (lines '490'-'499').
src/com/bbb/browse/EmailAFriendFormHandler.java:555:	Avoid excessively long variable names like lblTxtTemplateManager
src/com/bbb/cache/CacheInvalidateMsgGenerator.java:30:	Parameter 'pCatalogTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cache/CacheInvalidateMsgGenerator.java:35:	Avoid excessively long variable names like invalidationRequest
src/com/bbb/cache/CacheInvalidateMsgGenerator.java:35:	Local variable 'invalidationRequest' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cache/CacheInvalidateMsgGenerator.java:38:	Local variable 'dropletCacheName' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cache/CacheInvalidateMsgGenerator.java:49:	Avoid excessively long variable names like invalidationRequest
src/com/bbb/cache/CacheInvalidateMsgGenerator.java:49:	Local variable 'invalidationRequest' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cache/CacheInvalidateMsgGenerator.java:52:	Local variable 'searchCacheName' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cache/CacheInvalidateMsgGenerator.java:53:	Local variable 'keywordCacheName' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cache/CacheInvalidateMsgGenerator.java:64:	Parameter 'invalidateRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cache/listener/BBBInvalidateCacheListener.java:38:	This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/com/bbb/cache/listener/BBBInvalidateCacheListener.java:40:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'CLASS_NAME'.
src/com/bbb/cache/listener/BBBInvalidateCacheListener.java:41:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REPO_CACHE_MAP_TYPE
src/com/bbb/cache/listener/BBBInvalidateCacheListener.java:42:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SERVICE_CACHE_MAP_TYPE
src/com/bbb/cache/listener/BBBInvalidateCacheListener.java:45:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CAT_PAGE_CONTENT_CACHE
src/com/bbb/cache/listener/BBBInvalidateCacheListener.java:46:	Avoid excessively long variable names like HOME_PAGE_CONTENT_CACHE
src/com/bbb/cache/listener/BBBInvalidateCacheListener.java:47:	Avoid excessively long variable names like STATIC_CONTENT_CACHE
src/com/bbb/cache/listener/BBBInvalidateCacheListener.java:50:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ALL_CATEGORIES_CACHE
src/com/bbb/cache/listener/BBBInvalidateCacheListener.java:54:	Avoid excessively long variable names like coherenceCacheContainer
src/com/bbb/cache/listener/BBBInvalidateCacheListener.java:66:	Avoid excessively long variable names like coherenceCacheContainer
src/com/bbb/cache/listener/BBBInvalidateCacheListener.java:66:	Parameter 'coherenceCacheContainer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cache/listener/BBBInvalidateCacheListener.java:80:	Parameter 'pObjectCache' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cache/listener/BBBInvalidateCacheListener.java:94:	Parameter 'pCacheDroplet' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cache/listener/BBBInvalidateCacheListener.java:107:	Parameter 'pEndecaRepoList' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cache/listener/BBBInvalidateCacheListener.java:113:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cache/listener/BBBInvalidateCacheListener.java:126:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'deploymentId' (lines '126'-'149').
src/com/bbb/cache/listener/BBBInvalidateCacheListener.java:139:	Local variable 'clearCacheDroplet' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cache/listener/BBBInvalidateCacheListener.java:143:	Avoid excessively long variable names like clearCacheMapquest
src/com/bbb/cache/listener/BBBInvalidateCacheListener.java:143:	Local variable 'clearCacheMapquest' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cache/listener/BBBInvalidateCacheListener.java:152:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'item' (lines '152'-'156').
src/com/bbb/cache/listener/BBBInvalidateCacheListener.java:152:	Parameter 'affectedItems' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cache/listener/BBBInvalidateCacheListener.java:152:	Parameter 'feedType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cache/listener/BBBInvalidateCacheListener.java:155:	Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cache/listener/BBBInvalidateCacheListener.java:166:	Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cache/listener/BBBInvalidateCacheListener.java:177:	Parameter 'cacheName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cache/listener/BBBInvalidateCacheListener.java:178:	Local variable 'objectCache' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cache/listener/BBBInvalidateCacheListener.java:184:	Local variable 'dropletCache' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cache/listener/BBBInvalidateCacheListener.java:206:	Avoid excessively long variable names like invalidateHeaderFlyoutCache
src/com/bbb/cache/listener/BBBInvalidateCacheListener.java:206:	Local variable 'invalidateHeaderFlyoutCache' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cache/listener/BBBInvalidateCacheListener.java:229:	Parameter 'cacheName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cache/listener/BBBInvalidateCacheListener.java:230:	Local variable 'cacheRegion' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cache/listener/BBBInvalidateCacheListener.java:264:	Local variable 'cacheRegion' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cache/listener/BCCDeploymentCacheListener.java:13:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.framework.cache.BBBCacheDroplet'
src/com/bbb/cache/listener/BCCDeploymentCacheListener.java:13:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.framework.cache.BBBCacheDroplet'
src/com/bbb/cache/listener/BCCDeploymentCacheListener.java:20:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REPO_CACHE_MAP_TYPE
src/com/bbb/cache/listener/BCCDeploymentCacheListener.java:22:	Avoid excessively long variable names like coherenceCacheContainer
src/com/bbb/cache/listener/BCCDeploymentCacheListener.java:34:	Avoid excessively long variable names like coherenceCacheContainer
src/com/bbb/cache/listener/BCCDeploymentCacheListener.java:34:	Parameter 'coherenceCacheContainer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cache/listener/BCCDeploymentCacheListener.java:48:	Parameter 'mCatalogTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cache/listener/BCCDeploymentCacheListener.java:54:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'item' (lines '54'-'80').
src/com/bbb/cache/listener/BCCDeploymentCacheListener.java:54:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cache/listener/BCCDeploymentCacheListener.java:64:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'deploymentId' (lines '64'-'98').
src/com/bbb/cache/listener/BCCDeploymentCacheListener.java:74:	Local variable 'itemsAffected' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cache/listener/BCCDeploymentCacheListener.java:77:	Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cache/listener/BCCDeploymentCacheListener.java:80:	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/com/bbb/cache/listener/BCCDeploymentCacheListener.java:82:	Local variable 'cacheList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cache/listener/CacheInvalidatorMsgServiceListener.java:20:	The class 'CacheInvalidatorMsgServiceListener' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 10).
src/com/bbb/cache/listener/CacheInvalidatorMsgServiceListener.java:39:	Parameter 'pObjectCache' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cache/listener/CacheInvalidatorMsgServiceListener.java:53:	Parameter 'mObjectCache' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cache/listener/CacheInvalidatorMsgServiceListener.java:61:	Parameter 'cacheContainer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cache/listener/CacheInvalidatorMsgServiceListener.java:76:	Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cache/listener/CacheInvalidatorMsgServiceListener.java:87:	Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cache/listener/CacheInvalidatorMsgServiceListener.java:87:	The method 'onMessage' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/com/bbb/cache/listener/CacheInvalidatorMsgServiceListener.java:89:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'unMarshaller' (lines '89'-'104').
src/com/bbb/cache/listener/CacheInvalidatorMsgServiceListener.java:89:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'unMarshaller' (lines '89'-'125').
src/com/bbb/cache/listener/CacheInvalidatorMsgServiceListener.java:96:	Local variable 'txtMessage' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cache/listener/CacheInvalidatorMsgServiceListener.java:105:	Local variable 'source' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cache/listener/CacheInvalidatorMsgServiceListener.java:106:	Local variable 'request' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cache/listener/CacheInvalidatorMsgServiceListener.java:111:	Local variable 'invalidatorVo' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cache/listener/CacheInvalidatorMsgServiceListener.java:127:	Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/com/bbb/cache/listener/CacheInvalidatorMsgServiceListener.java:127:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'cache' (lines '127'-'131').
src/com/bbb/cache/listener/CacheInvalidatorMsgServiceListener.java:127:	Parameter 'vo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cache/listener/CacheInvalidatorMsgServiceListener.java:129:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/cache/listener/CacheInvalidatorMsgServiceListener.java:130:	Local variable 'cache' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cache/listener/CacheInvalidatorMsgServiceListener.java:138:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/cache/listener/CacheInvalidatorMsgServiceListener.java:139:	Local variable 'cache' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cache/tibco/api/CacheInvalidatorMsgMarshaller.java:18:	Avoid unused imports such as 'javax.jms.JMSException'
src/com/bbb/cache/tibco/api/CacheInvalidatorMsgMarshaller.java:18:	Avoid unused imports such as 'javax.jms.JMSException'
src/com/bbb/cache/tibco/api/CacheInvalidatorMsgMarshaller.java:19:	Avoid unused imports such as 'javax.jms.Message'
src/com/bbb/cache/tibco/api/CacheInvalidatorMsgMarshaller.java:19:	Avoid unused imports such as 'javax.jms.Message'
src/com/bbb/cache/tibco/api/CacheInvalidatorMsgMarshaller.java:20:	Avoid unused imports such as 'javax.jms.TextMessage'
src/com/bbb/cache/tibco/api/CacheInvalidatorMsgMarshaller.java:20:	Avoid unused imports such as 'javax.jms.TextMessage'
src/com/bbb/cache/tibco/api/CacheInvalidatorMsgMarshaller.java:55:	Parameter 'pReqVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cache/tibco/api/CacheInvalidatorMsgMarshaller.java:58:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'xmlMessage' (lines '58'-'78').
src/com/bbb/cache/tibco/api/CacheInvalidatorMsgMarshaller.java:59:	Avoid excessively long variable names like cacheInavlidatorVO
src/com/bbb/cache/tibco/api/CacheInvalidatorMsgMarshaller.java:59:	Local variable 'cacheInavlidatorVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cache/tibco/api/CacheInvalidatorMsgMarshaller.java:60:	Avoid excessively long variable names like cacheInavlidateRequest
src/com/bbb/cache/tibco/api/CacheInvalidatorMsgMarshaller.java:60:	Local variable 'cacheInavlidateRequest' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cache/tibco/api/CacheInvalidatorMsgMarshaller.java:67:	Local variable 'mainRequest' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cache/tibco/api/CacheInvalidatorMsgMarshaller.java:69:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'stringWriter' (lines '69'-'72').
src/com/bbb/cache/tibco/api/CacheInvalidatorMsgMarshaller.java:73:	Local variable 'context' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cache/tibco/api/CacheInvalidatorMsgMarshaller.java:74:	Local variable 'marshaller' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cache/tibco/api/CacheInvalidatorMsgMarshaller.java:78:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'xmlMessage' (lines '78'-'92').
src/com/bbb/cache/tibco/api/CacheInvalidatorMsgMarshaller.java:88:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/com/bbb/cache/tibco/vo/CacheInvalidatorVO.java:16:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mClearDropletCache
src/com/bbb/cache/tibco/vo/CacheInvalidatorVO.java:28:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pClearDropletCache
src/com/bbb/cache/tibco/vo/CacheInvalidatorVO.java:28:	Parameter 'pClearDropletCache' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cache/tibco/vo/CacheInvalidatorVO.java:40:	Parameter 'pClearObjectCache' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cache/tibco/vo/CacheInvalidatorVO.java:52:	Parameter 'pObjectCacheTypes' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cache/tibco/vo/CacheInvalidatorVO.java:63:	Parameter 'pServiceName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:1:	A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:45:	The class 'CertonaDroplet' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 6 (Highest = 17).
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:56:	Avoid excessively long variable names like FULL_CART_LAST_MINUTE_ITEMS
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:57:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PRODDETAIL_FREQUENT_BOUGHT
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:58:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PRODDETAIL_CUSTOMER_VIEWED
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:59:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PRODDETAIL_COLL_FREQUENT_BOUGHT
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:60:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PRODDETAIL_COLL_CUSTOMER_VIEWED
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:61:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PRODDETAIL_ACC_FREQUENT_BOUGHT
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:62:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PRODDETAIL_ACC_CUSTOMER_VIEWED
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:64:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFT_REGISTRY_TOP_REG_ITEMS
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:66:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CERTONA_RESPONSE_VO
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:67:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CERTONA_RES_TRACKING_COOKIE_NAME
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:68:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CERTONA_RES_SESSIONID_COOKIE_NAME
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:69:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CERTONA_RES_COOKIE_AGE
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:70:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CERTONA_RES_COOKIE_PATH
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:74:	Avoid excessively long variable names like FLAG_DRIVEN_CONFIG_KEY
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:77:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SKU_MAX_INVENTORY_RETRIEVAL_ERR_MSG
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:78:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SKU_DETAIL_RETRIEVAL_ERR_MSG
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:79:	Avoid excessively long variable names like BACKUP_LMI_CONFIG_RETREIVAL_ERR_MSG
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:80:	Avoid excessively long variable names like BACKUP_LMI_SKUVO_RETREIVAL_ERR_MSG
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:100:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SHIPPINGTHRESHOLDVALUE
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:101:	Avoid excessively long variable names like FREESHIPPINGTHRESHOLD
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:115:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:115:	The method 'service' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 17.
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:115:	The method service() has an NPath complexity of 258
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:120:	Local variable 'methodName' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:124:	Local variable 'shippingThreshold' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:126:	Avoid instantiating String objects; this is usually unnecessary.
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:132:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'certonaResponseVO' (lines '132'-'141').
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:133:	Avoid excessively long variable names like isResponseAvailable
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:133:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isResponseAvailable' (lines '133'-'159').
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:133:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isResponseAvailable' (lines '133'-'170').
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:133:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isResponseAvailable' (lines '133'-'173').
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:182:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'linkString' (lines '182'-'184').
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:182:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'linkString' (lines '182'-'221').
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:231:	Parameter 'currentSiteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:234:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'certonaOn' (lines '234'-'244').
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:234:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'certonaOn' (lines '234'-'247').
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:234:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'certonaOn' (lines '234'-'250').
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:234:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'certonaOn' (lines '234'-'254').
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:239:	Local variable 'bedBathUSSite' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:240:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'buyBuyBabySite' (lines '240'-'254').
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:240:	Local variable 'buyBuyBabySite' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:241:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'bedBathCanadaSite' (lines '241'-'254').
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:241:	Local variable 'bedBathCanadaSite' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:262:	Parameter 'pResponseVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:262:	Parameter 'schemeNames' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:266:	Local variable 'sTokenizer' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:275:	String.trim().length()==0 is an inefficient way to validate an empty String.
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:307:	The method 'checkBCCActivation' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 12.
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:309:	Avoid excessively long variable names like bccContainerActive
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:309:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bccContainerActive' (lines '309'-'328').
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:309:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bccContainerActive' (lines '309'-'331').
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:310:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'enableContainer' (lines '310'-'324').
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:310:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'enableContainer' (lines '310'-'341').
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:328:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bccContainerActive' (lines '328'-'331').
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:331:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bccContainerActive' (lines '331'-'333').
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:349:	The method 'populateRequestVO' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 17.
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:349:	The method populateRequestVO() has an NPath complexity of 3120
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:365:	String.trim().length()==0 is an inefficient way to validate an empty String.
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:372:	Local variable 'trackingId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:375:	Local variable 'fromRest' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:378:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'siteAppIdRestMap' (lines '378'-'379').
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:398:	String.trim().length()==0 is an inefficient way to validate an empty String.
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:405:	Local variable 'sessionId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:406:	String.trim().length()==0 is an inefficient way to validate an empty String.
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:412:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'schemeBuff' (lines '412'-'417').
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:415:	Local variable 'sTokenizer' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:421:	Local variable 'schemeName' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:425:	Avoid excessively long variable names like lastIndexSemiColon
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:425:	Local variable 'lastIndexSemiColon' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:431:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'certonaRequestVO' (lines '431'-'435').
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:457:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isEmpty' (lines '457'-'460').
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:457:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isEmpty' (lines '457'-'465').
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:457:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isEmpty' (lines '457'-'477').
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:457:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isEmpty' (lines '457'-'481').
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:463:	Local variable 'resonanceMap' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:469:	Local variable 'keyIter' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:477:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isEmpty' (lines '477'-'477').
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:477:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isEmpty' (lines '477'-'481').
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:542:	The method 'addBackupLMISKUDetailsVOList' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:543:	Parameter 'pResponseVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:552:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'responseVO' (lines '552'-'627').
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:557:	Avoid excessively long variable names like skuParentProductMap
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:557:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'skuParentProductMap' (lines '557'-'627').
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:558:	Avoid excessively long variable names like listOfLastMinteItems
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:558:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'listOfLastMinteItems' (lines '558'-'562').
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:559:	Avoid excessively long variable names like listOfSKUDetailsVO
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:559:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'listOfSKUDetailsVO' (lines '559'-'627').
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:562:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'listOfLastMinteItems' (lines '562'-'627').
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:580:	Local variable 'skuId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:601:	Local variable 'skuDetailVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:608:	Local variable 'resonanceMap' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:609:	Local variable 'resonanceItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:639:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'productId' (lines '639'-'658').
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:639:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'skuDetailVO' (lines '639'-'721').
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:639:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'skuId' (lines '639'-'692').
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:639:	The method 'addSKUDetailsVOList' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 13.
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:646:	Avoid excessively long variable names like certonaResonanceVO
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:646:	Local variable 'certonaResonanceVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:649:	Avoid excessively long variable names like skuIDWithMaxInventoryList
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:650:	Avoid excessively long variable names like listOfSKUDetailsVO
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:651:	Avoid excessively long variable names like skuParentProductMap
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:653:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'sbuilder' (lines '653'-'665').
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:653:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'sbuilder' (lines '653'-'704').
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:653:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'sbuilder' (lines '653'-'733').
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:655:	Local variable 'productId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:659:	String.trim().length()==0 is an inefficient way to validate an empty String.
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:665:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:667:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:675:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:677:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:689:	Local variable 'skuId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:692:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'inStockStatus' (lines '692'-'692').
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:692:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'inStockStatus' (lines '692'-'733').
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:704:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:706:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:711:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:713:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:720:	Local variable 'skuDetailVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:743:	The method 'addProductsVOList' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:750:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isResponseVOEmpty' (lines '750'-'805').
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:754:	Local variable 'sTokenizer' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:755:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'sbuilder' (lines '755'-'783').
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:755:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'sbuilder' (lines '755'-'824').
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:762:	String.trim().length()==0 is an inefficient way to validate an empty String.
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:764:	Avoid excessively long variable names like certonaResonanceVO
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:764:	Local variable 'certonaResonanceVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:769:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:783:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:785:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:790:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:792:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:805:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isResponseVOEmpty' (lines '805'-'805').
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:827:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'productId' (lines '827'-'843').
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:827:	Parameter 'resonanceMap' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:832:	Local variable 'keySet' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:834:	Local variable 'iter' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:837:	Local variable 'key' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:838:	Local variable 'resonanceItemVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:840:	Local variable 'productIDsList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:842:	Local variable 'productId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:889:	Parameter 'inventoryManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:900:	Parameter 'inputParam' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:900:	The method 'getCertonaSlotDetails' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 16.
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:900:	The method getCertonaSlotDetails() has an NPath complexity of 1296
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:907:	Local variable 'pRequest' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:908:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'pResponse' (lines '908'-'970').
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:908:	Local variable 'pResponse' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:909:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:933:	Local variable 'paramsEnum' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:936:	Local variable 'paramName' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:937:	Local variable 'paramValue' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:943:	Local variable 'error' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:948:	Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:948:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'vo' (lines '948'-'970').
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:948:	Local variable 'vo' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:949:	Local variable 'content' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:961:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:963:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/com/bbb/certona/droplet/CertonaDroplet.java:982:	Parameter 'robot' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/manager/CertonaFeedManager.java:19:	Avoid excessively long variable names like feedTypeMarshallerMap
src/com/bbb/certona/manager/CertonaFeedManager.java:33:	Avoid excessively long variable names like feedTypeMarshallerMap
src/com/bbb/certona/manager/CertonaFeedManager.java:33:	Parameter 'feedTypeMarshallerMap' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/manager/CertonaFeedManager.java:38:	Avoid excessively long variable names like schedulerStartDate
src/com/bbb/certona/manager/CertonaFeedManager.java:38:	Parameter 'isFullDataFeed' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/manager/CertonaFeedManager.java:38:	Parameter 'schedulerStartDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/manager/CertonaFeedManager.java:38:	Parameter 'typeOfFeed' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/manager/CertonaFeedManager.java:43:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:1:	A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:1:	This class has a bunch of public methods and attributes
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:70:	Avoid really long classes.
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:70:	The class 'CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 23).
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:70:	This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:70:	Too many fields
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:71:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CERTONA_CATEGORY_FEED_CHECK_SUM
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:72:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CERTONA_PRODUCT_FEED_CHECK_SUM
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:73:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CERTONA_SKU_FEED_CHECK_SUM
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:83:	Avoid excessively long variable names like repoCatlastModDate
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:84:	Avoid excessively long variable names like repoProdlastModDate
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:85:	Avoid excessively long variable names like repoSkulastModDate
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:202:	Avoid excessively long variable names like repoCatlastModDate
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:217:	Avoid excessively long variable names like repoProdlastModDate
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:232:	Avoid excessively long variable names like repoSkulastModDate
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:468:	Avoid excessively long variable names like schedulerStartDate
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:498:	Avoid excessively long variable names like schedulerStartDate
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:498:	The method 'marshalCategory' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 19.
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:498:	The method marshalCategory() has an NPath complexity of 970
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:500:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'count' (lines '500'-'531').
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:500:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'count' (lines '500'-'572').
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:501:	Avoid variables with short names like i
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:501:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'i' (lines '501'-'572').
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:502:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'rqlQuery' (lines '502'-'510').
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:503:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'categoryVOList' (lines '503'-'525').
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:504:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'status' (lines '504'-'532').
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:504:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'status' (lines '504'-'572').
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:510:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'rqlQuery' (lines '510'-'518').
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:524:	The String literal " ORDER BY id " appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 524
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:532:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'status' (lines '532'-'543').
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:532:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'status' (lines '532'-'562').
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:532:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'status' (lines '532'-'572').
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:535:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:535:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'categoryVOList' (lines '535'-'537').
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:543:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'status' (lines '543'-'543').
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:543:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'status' (lines '543'-'562').
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:543:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'status' (lines '543'-'572').
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:552:	No need to call String.valueOf to append to a string.
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:554:	No need to call String.valueOf to append to a string.
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:562:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'status' (lines '562'-'568').
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:592:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'status' (lines '592'-'619').
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:600:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'categoryXml' (lines '600'-'625').
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:619:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'status' (lines '619'-'625').
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:637:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'fileName' (lines '637'-'646').
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:646:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:664:	The method 'populateCategoryFeed' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 18.
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:664:	The method populateCategoryFeed() has an NPath complexity of 156250012
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:675:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'jaxbCategory' (lines '675'-'679').
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:675:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'jaxbCategory' (lines '675'-'724').
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:679:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:733:	Avoid excessively long variable names like schedulerStartDate
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:733:	The method 'marshalProduct' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 18.
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:733:	The method marshalProduct() has an NPath complexity of 586
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:735:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'count' (lines '735'-'765').
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:735:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'count' (lines '735'-'809').
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:736:	Avoid variables with short names like i
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:736:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'i' (lines '736'-'809').
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:737:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'rqlQuery' (lines '737'-'745').
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:738:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'productRepoItems' (lines '738'-'760').
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:739:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'status' (lines '739'-'766').
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:739:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'status' (lines '739'-'809').
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:745:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'rqlQuery' (lines '745'-'754').
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:766:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'status' (lines '766'-'777').
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:766:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'status' (lines '766'-'796').
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:766:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'status' (lines '766'-'809').
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:769:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:769:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'productRepoItems' (lines '769'-'772').
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:777:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'status' (lines '777'-'777').
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:777:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'status' (lines '777'-'796').
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:777:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'status' (lines '777'-'809').
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:786:	No need to call String.valueOf to append to a string.
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:788:	No need to call String.valueOf to append to a string.
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:796:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'status' (lines '796'-'803').
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:843:	Avoid excessively long variable names like schedulerStartDate
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:843:	The method 'marshalSku' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 17.
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:843:	The method marshalSku() has an NPath complexity of 394
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:845:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'count' (lines '845'-'871').
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:845:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'count' (lines '845'-'912').
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:846:	Avoid variables with short names like i
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:846:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'i' (lines '846'-'912').
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:847:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'rqlQuery' (lines '847'-'855').
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:848:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'skuRepoItems' (lines '848'-'866').
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:849:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'status' (lines '849'-'872').
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:849:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'status' (lines '849'-'912').
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:855:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'rqlQuery' (lines '855'-'861').
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:872:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'status' (lines '872'-'881').
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:872:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'status' (lines '872'-'900').
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:872:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'status' (lines '872'-'912').
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:874:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:874:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'skuRepoItems' (lines '874'-'876').
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:881:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'status' (lines '881'-'881').
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:881:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'status' (lines '881'-'900').
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:881:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'status' (lines '881'-'912').
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:890:	No need to call String.valueOf to append to a string.
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:892:	No need to call String.valueOf to append to a string.
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:900:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'status' (lines '900'-'907').
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:927:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'status' (lines '927'-'948').
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:936:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'productXml' (lines '936'-'957').
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:948:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'status' (lines '948'-'957').
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:973:	The method 'populateProductFeed' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 20.
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:979:	Avoid excessively long variable names like productObjectFactory
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:981:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'jaxbProductDetail' (lines '981'-'1,036').
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:1023:	Avoid excessively long variable names like collChildPrdtsList
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:1027:	Avoid excessively long variable names like siteProdProperties
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:1045:	Avoid excessively long variable names like productObjectFactory
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:1047:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:1080:	Avoid excessively long variable names like siteProdProperties
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:1080:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'key' (lines '1,080'-'1,088').
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:1080:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'key' (lines '1,080'-'1,090').
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:1080:	The method 'getSiteProdAttr' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 15.
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:1080:	The method getSiteProdAttr() has an NPath complexity of 1562508
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:1082:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'jaxbSiteValues' (lines '1,082'-'1,092').
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:1082:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'jaxbSiteValues' (lines '1,082'-'1,115').
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:1082:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'jaxbSiteValues' (lines '1,082'-'1,134').
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:1083:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:1092:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:1136:	Avoid excessively long variable names like collChildPrdtsList
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:1136:	The method 'getCollChildProd' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:1136:	The method getCollChildProd() has an NPath complexity of 508
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:1137:	Avoid excessively long variable names like productObjectFactory
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:1139:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'collChildPrdts' (lines '1,139'-'1,142').
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:1139:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'collChildPrdts' (lines '1,139'-'1,169').
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:1140:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:1192:	The method getProdBrands() has an NPath complexity of 6250
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:1207:	The method 'getSkuVO' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:1243:	The method 'populateSkuFeed' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 23.
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:1243:	The method populateSkuFeed() has an NPath complexity of 932412942
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:1252:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'jaxbSkuDetail' (lines '1,252'-'1,299').
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:1301:	The method updateProp65TypeFlags() has an NPath complexity of 1250
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:1313:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'key' (lines '1,313'-'1,321').
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:1313:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'key' (lines '1,313'-'1,323').
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:1313:	The method 'getSiteSkuAttr' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:1313:	The method getSiteSkuAttr() has an NPath complexity of 508
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:1316:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:1318:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'jaxbSiteValues' (lines '1,318'-'1,325').
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:1318:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'jaxbSiteValues' (lines '1,318'-'1,388').
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:1325:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:1341:	Avoid excessively long variable names like eligibleShippingDetails
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:1344:	Avoid excessively long variable names like freeShippingDetails
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:1372:	Avoid excessively long variable names like eligibleShippingDetails
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:1375:	Avoid excessively long variable names like freeShippingDetails
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:1390:	The method updateStates() has an NPath complexity of 254
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:1393:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'jaxbSKUState' (lines '1,393'-'1,396').
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:1393:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'jaxbSKUState' (lines '1,393'-'1,415').
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:1393:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'jaxbSKUState' (lines '1,393'-'1,427').
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:1394:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:1396:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:1429:	The method updateShippingDetails() has an NPath complexity of 254
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:1431:	Avoid excessively long variable names like jaxbShippingDetails
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:1432:	Avoid excessively long variable names like jaxbShippingDetail
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:1432:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'jaxbShippingDetail' (lines '1,432'-'1,435').
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:1432:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'jaxbShippingDetail' (lines '1,432'-'1,457').
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:1432:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'jaxbShippingDetail' (lines '1,432'-'1,470').
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:1433:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:1435:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:1472:	The method updateSkuRebates() has an NPath complexity of 254
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:1475:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'jaxbSKURebate' (lines '1,475'-'1,479').
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:1475:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'jaxbSKURebate' (lines '1,475'-'1,500').
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:1475:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'jaxbSKURebate' (lines '1,475'-'1,511').
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:1476:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:1479:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:1513:	The method 'updateSkuAttributes' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 12.
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:1513:	The method updateSkuAttributes() has an NPath complexity of 12508
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:1516:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'jaxbAttribute' (lines '1,516'-'1,519').
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:1516:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'jaxbAttribute' (lines '1,516'-'1,544').
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:1516:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'jaxbAttribute' (lines '1,516'-'1,560').
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:1517:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:1519:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:1576:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'status' (lines '1,576'-'1,600').
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:1585:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'skuXml' (lines '1,585'-'1,609').
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:1600:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'status' (lines '1,600'-'1,609').
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:1623:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'modifiedDate' (lines '1,623'-'1,639').
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:1625:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'queries' (lines '1,625'-'1,628').
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:1628:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'queries' (lines '1,628'-'1,631').
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:1664:	Avoid excessively long variable names like schedulerStartDate
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaInventoryFeedMarshaller.java:1:	A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaInventoryFeedMarshaller.java:49:	The class 'CertonaInventoryFeedMarshaller' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 16).
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaInventoryFeedMarshaller.java:50:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CERTONA_INVENTORY_FEED_CHECK_SUM
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaInventoryFeedMarshaller.java:77:	Parameter 'filePattern' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaInventoryFeedMarshaller.java:120:	Parameter 'feedTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaInventoryFeedMarshaller.java:132:	Parameter 'certonaRepository' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaInventoryFeedMarshaller.java:144:	Parameter 'catalogTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaInventoryFeedMarshaller.java:156:	Parameter 'modeMap' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaInventoryFeedMarshaller.java:168:	Parameter 'filePath' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaInventoryFeedMarshaller.java:180:	Parameter 'fileName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaInventoryFeedMarshaller.java:192:	Parameter 'fileExtention' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaInventoryFeedMarshaller.java:204:	Parameter 'batchSize' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaInventoryFeedMarshaller.java:216:	Parameter 'isManualRun' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaInventoryFeedMarshaller.java:228:	Parameter 'userLastModDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaInventoryFeedMarshaller.java:233:	Avoid excessively long variable names like schedulerStartDate
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaInventoryFeedMarshaller.java:233:	The method 'marshall' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 16.
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaInventoryFeedMarshaller.java:235:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'count' (lines '235'-'265').
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaInventoryFeedMarshaller.java:235:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'count' (lines '235'-'304').
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaInventoryFeedMarshaller.java:236:	Avoid variables with short names like i
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaInventoryFeedMarshaller.java:236:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'i' (lines '236'-'274').
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaInventoryFeedMarshaller.java:236:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'i' (lines '236'-'304').
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaInventoryFeedMarshaller.java:237:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'rqlQuery' (lines '237'-'245').
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaInventoryFeedMarshaller.java:238:	Avoid excessively long variable names like inventoryRepoItems
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaInventoryFeedMarshaller.java:238:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'inventoryRepoItems' (lines '238'-'260').
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaInventoryFeedMarshaller.java:239:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'status' (lines '239'-'275').
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaInventoryFeedMarshaller.java:239:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'status' (lines '239'-'290').
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaInventoryFeedMarshaller.java:239:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'status' (lines '239'-'304').
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaInventoryFeedMarshaller.java:245:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'rqlQuery' (lines '245'-'253').
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaInventoryFeedMarshaller.java:252:	Local variable 'date' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaInventoryFeedMarshaller.java:257:	Avoid excessively long variable names like inventoryBatchSize
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaInventoryFeedMarshaller.java:257:	Local variable 'inventoryBatchSize' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaInventoryFeedMarshaller.java:266:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'inventoryRepoItems' (lines '266'-'268').
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaInventoryFeedMarshaller.java:266:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'inventoryRepoItems' (lines '266'-'304').
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaInventoryFeedMarshaller.java:268:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaInventoryFeedMarshaller.java:268:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'inventoryRepoItems' (lines '268'-'270').
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaInventoryFeedMarshaller.java:275:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'status' (lines '275'-'275').
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaInventoryFeedMarshaller.java:275:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'status' (lines '275'-'290').
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaInventoryFeedMarshaller.java:275:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'status' (lines '275'-'304').
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaInventoryFeedMarshaller.java:281:	No need to call String.valueOf to append to a string.
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaInventoryFeedMarshaller.java:283:	No need to call String.valueOf to append to a string.
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaInventoryFeedMarshaller.java:290:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'status' (lines '290'-'297').
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaInventoryFeedMarshaller.java:312:	Parameter 'subInvRepoList' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaInventoryFeedMarshaller.java:313:	Local variable 'list' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaInventoryFeedMarshaller.java:322:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'currInventoryVO' (lines '322'-'335').
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaInventoryFeedMarshaller.java:322:	Parameter 'indexOfFile' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaInventoryFeedMarshaller.java:322:	Parameter 'inventoryVOList' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaInventoryFeedMarshaller.java:326:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaInventoryFeedMarshaller.java:329:	Local variable 'inventoryFeedType' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaInventoryFeedMarshaller.java:330:	Avoid excessively long variable names like inventoryDetailList
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaInventoryFeedMarshaller.java:334:	Local variable 'currInventoryVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaInventoryFeedMarshaller.java:335:	Local variable 'invSkuId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaInventoryFeedMarshaller.java:367:	Parameter 'inventoryFeedType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaInventoryFeedMarshaller.java:368:	Parameter 'indexOfFile' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaInventoryFeedMarshaller.java:371:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'status' (lines '371'-'396').
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaInventoryFeedMarshaller.java:379:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'inventoryXml' (lines '379'-'402').
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaInventoryFeedMarshaller.java:396:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'status' (lines '396'-'402').
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaInventoryFeedMarshaller.java:413:	Parameter 'fileSuffix' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaInventoryFeedMarshaller.java:413:	Parameter 'indexOfFile' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaInventoryFeedMarshaller.java:414:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'fileName' (lines '414'-'424').
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaInventoryFeedMarshaller.java:418:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'fileExt' (lines '418'-'428').
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaInventoryFeedMarshaller.java:424:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaInventoryFeedMarshaller.java:446:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'lastModifiedDate' (lines '446'-'477').
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaInventoryFeedMarshaller.java:446:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'lastModifiedDate' (lines '446'-'491').
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaInventoryFeedMarshaller.java:459:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'queries' (lines '459'-'463').
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaInventoryFeedMarshaller.java:463:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'queries' (lines '463'-'467').
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaInventoryFeedMarshaller.java:477:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'lastModifiedDate' (lines '477'-'491').
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaInventoryFeedMarshaller.java:509:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'feedFilePath' (lines '509'-'514').
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaInventoryFeedMarshaller.java:535:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'batchSizeFromCfg' (lines '535'-'539').
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaInventoryFeedMarshaller.java:567:	Avoid excessively long variable names like schedulerStartDate
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaInventoryFeedMarshaller.java:567:	Parameter 'isFullDataFeed' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaInventoryFeedMarshaller.java:567:	Parameter 'schedulerStartDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaInventoryFeedMarshaller.java:568:	Parameter 'status' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaInventoryFeedMarshaller.java:584:	Do not add empty strings
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaProfileFeedMarshaller.java:18:	A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaProfileFeedMarshaller.java:65:	The class 'CertonaProfileFeedMarshaller' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 2 (Highest = 25).
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaProfileFeedMarshaller.java:68:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CERTONA_PROFILE_FEED_CHECK_SUM
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaProfileFeedMarshaller.java:72:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mCertonaRepository
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaProfileFeedMarshaller.java:75:	Avoid excessively long variable names like bProfileLastModDateFrmRepo
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaProfileFeedMarshaller.java:76:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mProfileLastModDate
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaProfileFeedMarshaller.java:149:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pProfileLastModDateFrmRepo
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaProfileFeedMarshaller.java:163:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pProfileLastModDate
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaProfileFeedMarshaller.java:217:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pCertonaRepository
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaProfileFeedMarshaller.java:316:	Avoid excessively long variable names like schedulerStartDate
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaProfileFeedMarshaller.java:316:	The method 'marshall' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 15.
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaProfileFeedMarshaller.java:318:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'count' (lines '318'-'342').
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaProfileFeedMarshaller.java:318:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'count' (lines '318'-'379').
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaProfileFeedMarshaller.java:319:	Avoid variables with short names like i
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaProfileFeedMarshaller.java:319:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'i' (lines '319'-'379').
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaProfileFeedMarshaller.java:320:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'rqlQuery' (lines '320'-'325').
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaProfileFeedMarshaller.java:321:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'profileVOList' (lines '321'-'337').
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaProfileFeedMarshaller.java:325:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'rqlQuery' (lines '325'-'332').
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaProfileFeedMarshaller.java:331:	Local variable 'date' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaProfileFeedMarshaller.java:347:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaProfileFeedMarshaller.java:347:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'profileVOList' (lines '347'-'349').
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaProfileFeedMarshaller.java:361:	No need to call String.valueOf to append to a string.
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaProfileFeedMarshaller.java:363:	No need to call String.valueOf to append to a string.
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaProfileFeedMarshaller.java:381:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'certonaGiftRegistryVO' (lines '381'-'408').
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaProfileFeedMarshaller.java:381:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'certonaProfileSiteVO' (lines '381'-'421').
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaProfileFeedMarshaller.java:381:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'certonaProfileVO' (lines '381'-'391').
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaProfileFeedMarshaller.java:381:	The method 'populateUserFeed' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 25.
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaProfileFeedMarshaller.java:381:	The method populateUserFeed() has an NPath complexity of 1935228931
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaProfileFeedMarshaller.java:384:	Avoid excessively long variable names like profileObjectFactory
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaProfileFeedMarshaller.java:386:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'userDetailList' (lines '386'-'434').
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaProfileFeedMarshaller.java:389:	Local variable 'certonaProfileVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaProfileFeedMarshaller.java:404:	Avoid excessively long variable names like giftRegistryDetails
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaProfileFeedMarshaller.java:404:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaProfileFeedMarshaller.java:405:	Avoid excessively long variable names like certonaGiftRegistryVOList
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaProfileFeedMarshaller.java:407:	Avoid excessively long variable names like certonaGiftRegistryVO
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaProfileFeedMarshaller.java:407:	Local variable 'certonaGiftRegistryVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaProfileFeedMarshaller.java:417:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaProfileFeedMarshaller.java:418:	Avoid excessively long variable names like certonaProfileSiteVOList
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaProfileFeedMarshaller.java:420:	Avoid excessively long variable names like certonaProfileSiteVO
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaProfileFeedMarshaller.java:420:	Local variable 'certonaProfileSiteVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaProfileFeedMarshaller.java:475:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'modifiedDate' (lines '475'-'492').
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaProfileFeedMarshaller.java:475:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'modifiedDate' (lines '475'-'501').
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaProfileFeedMarshaller.java:480:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'queries' (lines '480'-'483').
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaProfileFeedMarshaller.java:483:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'queries' (lines '483'-'486').
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaProfileFeedMarshaller.java:492:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'modifiedDate' (lines '492'-'501').
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaProfileFeedMarshaller.java:512:	Avoid excessively long variable names like schedulerStartDate
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaProfileFeedMarshaller.java:524:	Unnecessary wrapper object creation
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaProfileFeedMarshaller.java:546:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'fullFileName' (lines '546'-'551').
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaProfileFeedMarshaller.java:548:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'dateInString' (lines '548'-'557').
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaProfileFeedMarshaller.java:570:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'filePathFrmCfg' (lines '570'-'575').
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaProfileFeedMarshaller.java:596:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'fileNameFrmCfg' (lines '596'-'600').
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaProfileFeedMarshaller.java:619:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'fileExtnFrmCfg' (lines '619'-'623').
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaProfileFeedMarshaller.java:642:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'batchSizeFrmCfg' (lines '642'-'646').
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaProfileFeedMarshaller.java:666:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'datePatternFrmCfg' (lines '666'-'670').
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaProfileFeedMarshaller.java:681:	Avoid excessively long variable names like xmlGregorianCalendar
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaProfileFeedMarshaller.java:681:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'xmlGregorianCalendar' (lines '681'-'685').
src/com/bbb/certona/marshaller/CertonaProfileFeedMarshaller.java:681:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'xmlGregorianCalendar' (lines '681'-'688').
src/com/bbb/certona/parser/CertonaProductsResultParser.java:4:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.math.BigInteger'
src/com/bbb/certona/parser/CertonaProductsResultParser.java:4:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.math.BigInteger'
src/com/bbb/certona/parser/CertonaProductsResultParser.java:33:	The class 'CertonaProductsResultParser' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 16 (Highest = 15).
src/com/bbb/certona/parser/CertonaProductsResultParser.java:47:	Parameter 'remoteResponse' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/parser/CertonaProductsResultParser.java:47:	The method 'parse' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 15.
src/com/bbb/certona/parser/CertonaProductsResultParser.java:49:	Local variable 'responseVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/parser/CertonaProductsResultParser.java:51:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'resonanceItem' (lines '51'-'109').
src/com/bbb/certona/parser/CertonaProductsResultParser.java:51:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'resonanceItem' (lines '51'-'138').
src/com/bbb/certona/parser/CertonaProductsResultParser.java:53:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'unMarshaller' (lines '53'-'68').
src/com/bbb/certona/parser/CertonaProductsResultParser.java:55:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'resonanceResponse' (lines '55'-'71').
src/com/bbb/certona/parser/CertonaProductsResultParser.java:56:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'schemes' (lines '56'-'74').
src/com/bbb/certona/parser/CertonaProductsResultParser.java:57:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'schemeList' (lines '57'-'83').
src/com/bbb/certona/parser/CertonaProductsResultParser.java:57:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'schemeList' (lines '57'-'138').
src/com/bbb/certona/parser/CertonaProductsResultParser.java:58:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'productIDsList' (lines '58'-'93').
src/com/bbb/certona/parser/CertonaProductsResultParser.java:58:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'productIDsList' (lines '58'-'138').
src/com/bbb/certona/parser/CertonaProductsResultParser.java:60:	Local variable 'resonanceMap' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/parser/CertonaProductsResultParser.java:70:	Local variable 'source' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/parser/CertonaProductsResultParser.java:84:	Local variable 'schemeIter' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/parser/CertonaProductsResultParser.java:89:	Local variable 'scheme' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/parser/CertonaProductsResultParser.java:93:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/certona/parser/CertonaProductsResultParser.java:93:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'productIDsList' (lines '93'-'93').
src/com/bbb/certona/parser/CertonaProductsResultParser.java:93:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'productIDsList' (lines '93'-'138').
src/com/bbb/certona/parser/CertonaProductsResultParser.java:95:	Local variable 'products' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/parser/CertonaProductsResultParser.java:100:	Local variable 'productList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/parser/CertonaProductsResultParser.java:104:	Local variable 'productItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/parser/CertonaProductsResultParser.java:105:	Local variable 'productId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/parser/CertonaProductsResultParser.java:109:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/certona/parser/CertonaProductsResultParser.java:116:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/com/bbb/certona/parser/CertonaProductsResultParser.java:116:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'resonanceItem' (lines '116'-'109').
src/com/bbb/certona/parser/CertonaProductsResultParser.java:116:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'resonanceItem' (lines '116'-'138').
src/com/bbb/certona/scheduler/CertonaCatalogFeedScheduler.java:5:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.Date'
src/com/bbb/certona/scheduler/CertonaCatalogFeedScheduler.java:5:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.Date'
src/com/bbb/certona/scheduler/CertonaCatalogFeedScheduler.java:30:	Parameter 'pSchedulerEnabled' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/scheduler/CertonaCatalogFeedScheduler.java:48:	Avoid excessively long variable names like schedulerStartDate
src/com/bbb/certona/scheduler/CertonaInventoryFeedScheduler.java:35:	Parameter 'pSchedulerEnabled' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/scheduler/CertonaInventoryFeedScheduler.java:71:	Avoid excessively long variable names like schedulerStartDate
src/com/bbb/certona/scheduler/CertonaInventoryFeedScheduler.java:71:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'schedulerStartDate' (lines '71'-'97').
src/com/bbb/certona/scheduler/CertonaInventoryFeedScheduler.java:71:	Local variable 'schedulerStartDate' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/scheduler/CertonaInventoryFeedScheduler.java:75:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/certona/scheduler/CertonaInventoryFeedScheduler.java:77:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/certona/scheduler/CertonaProfileFeedScheduler.java:46:	Avoid excessively long variable names like schedulerStartDate
src/com/bbb/certona/scheduler/CertonaScheduler.java:13:	Avoid excessively long variable names like transactionManager
src/com/bbb/certona/scheduler/CertonaScheduler.java:30:	Avoid excessively long variable names like transactionManager
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:1:	A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:9:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.Iterator'
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:9:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.Iterator'
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:60:	Avoid really long classes.
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:60:	The class 'CertonaCatalogFeedTools' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 6 (Highest = 37).
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:60:	This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:65:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shippingRepository
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:68:	Avoid excessively long variable names like freeShipAttrShipGrpMap
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:77:	Parameter 'productCatalog' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:85:	Parameter 'nonDefaultSiteIds' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:101:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shippingRepository
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:101:	Parameter 'shippingRepository' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:115:	Avoid excessively long variable names like freeShipAttrShipGrpMap
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:115:	Parameter 'freeShipAttrShipGrpMap' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:168:	Parameter 'priceListManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:176:	Parameter 'siteRepository' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:190:	Parameter 'siteIds' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:212:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'catVOList' (lines '212'-'235').
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:215:	The String literal " lastModifiedDate:" appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 215
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:244:	The String literal "unchecked" appears 10 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 244
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:245:	The method 'populateCategoryVO' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:248:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'categoryVO' (lines '248'-'250').
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:254:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:265:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:274:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:291:	Parameter 'categoryRepoItem' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:291:	The method 'setCatBasicproperties' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:291:	The method setCatBasicproperties() has an NPath complexity of 512
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:352:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'productItems' (lines '352'-'355').
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:352:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'productItems' (lines '352'-'359').
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:365:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:384:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'skuItems' (lines '384'-'387').
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:384:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'skuItems' (lines '384'-'391').
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:394:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:411:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:411:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'key' (lines '411'-'510').
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:411:	The method 'populateProductVO' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 29.
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:411:	The method populateProductVO() has an NPath complexity of 645121
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:415:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bvReviews' (lines '415'-'529').
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:421:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'prdtkeywrds' (lines '421'-'425').
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:467:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isCollection' (lines '467'-'471').
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:467:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'isCollection' (lines '467'-'534').
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:468:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isLeadProduct' (lines '468'-'472').
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:468:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'isLeadProduct' (lines '468'-'534').
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:485:	Local variable 'prodAttrMap' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:489:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'defaultSite' (lines '489'-'491').
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:489:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'defaultSite' (lines '489'-'534').
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:508:	Local variable 'key' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:551:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'subProductVOList' (lines '551'-'553').
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:554:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'childProdItem' (lines '554'-'560').
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:554:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'childProdItem' (lines '554'-'581').
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:555:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'childPrdtAttr' (lines '555'-'559').
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:555:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'childPrdtAttr' (lines '555'-'581').
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:556:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'rollUpItem' (lines '556'-'565').
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:556:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'rollUpItem' (lines '556'-'581').
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:559:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:571:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'likeUnlike' (lines '571'-'573').
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:593:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'siteSpecProd' (lines '593'-'595').
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:617:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'defaultSite' (lines '617'-'620').
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:624:	Local variable 'margin' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:626:	Local variable 'tier' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:627:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:634:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'productChildProduct' (lines '634'-'654').
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:634:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'sku' (lines '634'-'669').
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:634:	Parameter 'siteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:634:	The method 'calculateMargin' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 27.
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:634:	The method calculateMargin() has an NPath complexity of 4273
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:636:	Local variable 'isCollection' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:638:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'isLeadProduct' (lines '638'-'726').
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:638:	Local variable 'isLeadProduct' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:640:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'margin' (lines '640'-'719').
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:643:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'finalMargin' (lines '643'-'686').
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:645:	Avoid excessively long variable names like productChildProducts
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:645:	Local variable 'productChildProducts' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:652:	Avoid excessively long variable names like productChildProduct
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:652:	Local variable 'productChildProduct' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:654:	Local variable 'product' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:661:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'profitOnProduct' (lines '661'-'676').
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:661:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'profitOnProduct' (lines '661'-'678').
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:662:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'childSKUS' (lines '662'-'663').
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:667:	Local variable 'sku' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:671:	Local variable 'priceMap' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:675:	Local variable 'profit' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:680:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:680:	Local variable 'forma' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:681:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'marginOnProduct' (lines '681'-'726').
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:681:	Local variable 'marginOnProduct' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:697:	Local variable 'sku' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:701:	Local variable 'priceMap' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:705:	Local variable 'profit' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:717:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'format' (lines '717'-'726').
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:717:	Local variable 'format' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:718:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:728:	Parameter 'margin' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:728:	The method 'calculateTier' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:729:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'tier' (lines '729'-'736').
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:729:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'tier' (lines '729'-'738').
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:729:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'tier' (lines '729'-'740').
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:729:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'tier' (lines '729'-'742').
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:729:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'tier' (lines '729'-'744').
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:733:	Local variable 'marginPercentage' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:749:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'translation' (lines '749'-'768').
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:749:	Parameter 'siteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:749:	Parameter 'sku' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:749:	The method 'getMarginForSku' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 14.
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:749:	The method getMarginForSku() has an NPath complexity of 561
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:750:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'siteSpecificCost' (lines '750'-'760').
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:750:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'siteSpecificCost' (lines '750'-'774').
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:751:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'listPriceListId' (lines '751'-'756').
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:752:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'SalePriceListId' (lines '752'-'757').
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:752:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'SalePriceListId' starts with uppercase character.
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:753:	Local variable 'priceMap' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:755:	Local variable 'siteItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:756:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'listPriceListId' (lines '756'-'830').
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:757:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'SalePriceListId' (lines '757'-'830').
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:763:	Local variable 'allTranslation' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:766:	Local variable 'translation' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:768:	Local variable 'siteRepo' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:769:	Local variable 'attributeName' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:771:	Local variable 'siteName' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:774:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'siteSpecificCost' (lines '774'-'774').
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:780:	Position literals first in String comparisons
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:790:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'priceList' (lines '790'-'793').
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:790:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'priceList' (lines '790'-'796').
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:791:	Local variable 'onSale' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:798:	Local variable 'view' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:799:	Local variable 'statement' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:800:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'params' (lines '800'-'801').
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:801:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'params' (lines '801'-'802').
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:802:	Avoid instantiating String objects; this is usually unnecessary.
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:803:	Local variable 'items' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:807:	Local variable 'sellingPrice' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:810:	Local variable 'costPrice' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:812:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'profit' (lines '812'-'820').
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:819:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:882:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'siteId' (lines '882'-'908').
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:882:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'transRepo' (lines '882'-'892').
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:887:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'siteProductVOMap' (lines '887'-'908').
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:890:	Local variable 'transRepo' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:907:	Local variable 'siteId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:912:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'margin' (lines '912'-'912').
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:912:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'margin' (lines '912'-'914').
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:912:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'margin' (lines '912'-'923').
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:916:	Local variable 'tier' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:917:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:939:	Parameter 'prodRepoItem' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:940:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'dateIsActive' (lines '940'-'949').
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:941:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'currentDate' (lines '941'-'953').
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:962:	Parameter 'siteProductVOMap' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:962:	Parameter 'transRepo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:963:	Parameter 'siteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:966:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'siteProdAttr' (lines '966'-'983').
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:966:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'siteProdAttr' (lines '966'-'987').
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:968:	Avoid excessively long variable names like translationStringValue
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:970:	Avoid excessively long variable names like translationBooleanValue
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:970:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'translationBooleanValue' (lines '970'-'972').
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:975:	Avoid excessively long variable names like translationalDateValue
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:975:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'translationalDateValue' (lines '975'-'977').
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:981:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:982:	The String literal "Set value of attributeName " appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 982
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:1001:	Avoid unused method parameters such as 'siteProductVOMap'.
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:1001:	Parameter 'attributeName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:1001:	Parameter 'siteProductVOMap' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:1001:	The method 'setValueFromTranslation' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 12.
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:1002:	Parameter 'transRepo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:1049:	Avoid unused method parameters such as 'siteProductVOMap'.
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:1049:	Parameter 'attributeName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:1049:	Parameter 'siteProductVOMap' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:1049:	The method 'setValueFromDefaultSite' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:1084:	Parameter 'transRepo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:1085:	Parameter 'siteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:1089:	Avoid excessively long variable names like translationStringValue
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:1091:	Avoid excessively long variable names like translationBooleanValue
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:1091:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'translationBooleanValue' (lines '1,091'-'1,093').
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:1096:	Avoid excessively long variable names like translationalDateValue
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:1096:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'translationalDateValue' (lines '1,096'-'1,098').
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:1105:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:1123:	Parameter 'attributeName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:1123:	Parameter 'siteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:1123:	Parameter 'siteProductVOMap' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:1123:	The method 'setValueFromTranslation' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 12.
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:1124:	Parameter 'transRepo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:1176:	Parameter 'attributeName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:1176:	Parameter 'siteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:1176:	Parameter 'siteProductVOMap' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:1176:	The method 'setValueFromDefaultSite' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:1210:	Parameter 'siteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:1210:	Parameter 'siteProductVOMap' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:1210:	The method 'setValueFromDefaultSiteForNoTrans' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:1245:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'catalogItems' (lines '1,245'-'1,251').
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:1251:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'catalogItems' (lines '1,251'-'1,256').
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:1272:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'catalogItems' (lines '1,272'-'1,283').
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:1283:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'catalogItems' (lines '1,283'-'1,288').
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:1301:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'catalogItems' (lines '1,301'-'1,307').
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:1306:	Avoid excessively long variable names like allSkuExceptStoreSKu
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:1307:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'catalogItems' (lines '1,307'-'1,313').
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:1327:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'catalogItems' (lines '1,327'-'1,337').
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:1334:	Avoid excessively long variable names like allSkuForIncrementalFeed
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:1337:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'catalogItems' (lines '1,337'-'1,342').
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:1352:	Parameter 'lastModifiedDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:1352:	Parameter 'queryBuilder' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:1353:	Avoid excessively long variable names like allSkuForIncrementalFeed
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:1353:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'allSkuForIncrementalFeed' (lines '1,353'-'1,368').
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:1355:	Avoid excessively long variable names like allModifiedSkuExcludingStoreSku
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:1355:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'allModifiedSkuExcludingStoreSku' (lines '1,355'-'1,360').
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:1360:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'allModifiedSkuExcludingStoreSku' (lines '1,360'-'1,366').
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:1382:	Parameter 'queryBuilder' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:1384:	Avoid excessively long variable names like allSkuExceptStoreSKu
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:1384:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'allSkuExceptStoreSKu' (lines '1,384'-'1,389').
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:1409:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:1409:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'siteId' (lines '1,409'-'1,536').
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:1409:	The method 'populateSKUVO' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 37.
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:1525:	Avoid excessively long variable names like siteAttrVODefaultSite
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:1535:	Local variable 'siteId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:1537:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:1583:	Avoid excessively long variable names like siteAttrVODefaultSite
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:1583:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'siteId' (lines '1,583'-'1,615').
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:1583:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'siteId' (lines '1,583'-'1,624').
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:1583:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'transRepo' (lines '1,583'-'1,601').
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:1583:	Parameter 'siteAttrVODefaultSite' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:1583:	The method 'getSkuAttribute' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 15.
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:1583:	The method getSkuAttribute() has an NPath complexity of 280
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:1587:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'dateIsActive' (lines '1,587'-'1,594').
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:1587:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'dateIsActive' (lines '1,587'-'1,634').
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:1588:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'currentDate' (lines '1,588'-'1,634').
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:1598:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'siteSKUVOMap' (lines '1,598'-'1,615').
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:1600:	Local variable 'transRepo' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:1613:	Local variable 'siteId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:1623:	Local variable 'siteId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:1646:	Parameter 'siteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:1646:	Parameter 'siteSKUVOMap' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:1646:	Parameter 'skuRepoItem' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:1646:	The method 'addComplexAttrToSiteAttrMap' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 16.
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:1646:	The method addComplexAttrToSiteAttrMap() has an NPath complexity of 770
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:1649:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'listPrice' (lines '1,649'-'1,656').
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:1650:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'salePrice' (lines '1,650'-'1,668').
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:1650:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'salePrice' (lines '1,650'-'1,722').
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:1655:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:1667:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:1678:	Avoid excessively long variable names like skuAttrIdRepoItemMap
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:1678:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'skuAttrIdRepoItemMap' (lines '1,678'-'1,679').
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:1688:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:1703:	Avoid excessively long variable names like nonShippableStates
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:1708:	Avoid excessively long variable names like eligibleShipMethods
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:1708:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'eligibleShipMethods' (lines '1,708'-'1,709').
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:1731:	Parameter 'siteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:1731:	Parameter 'siteSKUVOMap' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:1731:	Parameter 'translationRepo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:1731:	The method 'addSimpleSiteAttrForSKu' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 14.
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:1739:	The String literal "description" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 1,739
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:1743:	The String literal "shippingSurcharge" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 1,743
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:1766:	Avoid unused method parameters such as 'dateIsActive'.
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:1766:	Parameter 'dateIsActive' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:1766:	Parameter 'siteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:1766:	Parameter 'siteSKUVOMap' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:1766:	Parameter 'translationRepo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:1799:	Parameter 'siteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:1802:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:1803:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:1813:	Local variable 'newSiteAttrbVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:1823:	Local variable 'newSiteAttrbVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:1839:	Parameter 'skuItem' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:1867:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'freeShipAttrid' (lines '1,867'-'1,880').
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:1867:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'freeShipAttrid' (lines '1,867'-'1,882').
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:1867:	Parameter 'applicableAttrIds' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:1867:	Parameter 'siteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:1872:	Avoid excessively long variable names like freeShippingDetails
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:1878:	Local variable 'freeShipAttrid' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:1888:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:1902:	Parameter 'shippingMethod' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:1903:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'shipItem' (lines '1,903'-'1,905').
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:1928:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'applicableShipMethod' (lines '1,928'-'1,946').
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:1928:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'eligibleShipMethods' (lines '1,928'-'1,957').
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:1928:	The method 'setEligibleShipMethods' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:1931:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'shipMethodVOList' (lines '1,931'-'1,968').
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:1933:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'shipIdList' (lines '1,933'-'1,968').
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:1934:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shipMethodVOListForSite
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:1934:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'shipMethodVOListForSite' (lines '1,934'-'1,968').
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:1939:	Avoid excessively long variable names like applicableShipMethodSet
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:1945:	Avoid excessively long variable names like applicableShipMethod
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:1945:	Local variable 'applicableShipMethod' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:1947:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:1951:	Avoid excessively long variable names like eligibleShipMethodSet
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:1954:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:1956:	Avoid excessively long variable names like eligibleShipMethods
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:1956:	Local variable 'eligibleShipMethods' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:1958:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:1977:	Avoid excessively long variable names like nonShippableStates
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:1978:	Avoid excessively long variable names like nonShippableStatesRepoItemSet
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:1981:	Avoid excessively long variable names like nonShippableStatesRepositoryItem
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:1981:	Local variable 'nonShippableStatesRepositoryItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:1982:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:1998:	Avoid excessively long variable names like rebatesRepositoryItem
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:2001:	Avoid excessively long variable names like rebateRepositoryItem
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:2001:	Local variable 'rebateRepositoryItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:2004:	Local variable 'siteRepoItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:2010:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:2026:	Avoid unused method parameters such as 'siteId'.
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:2030:	Local variable 'key' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:2031:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:2075:	The method 'getPriceForSku' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 12.
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:2092:	Avoid excessively long variable names like removedItemException
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:2198:	Parameter 'viewName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:2199:	Parameter 'pRqlQueryRange' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:2206:	Avoid calling toString() on String objects; this is unnecessary.
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:2236:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaCatalogFeedTools.java:2257:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaInventoryFeedTools.java:34:	The class 'CertonaInventoryFeedTools' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 11).
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaInventoryFeedTools.java:60:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'inventoryItems' (lines '60'-'62').
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaInventoryFeedTools.java:60:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'inventoryItems' (lines '60'-'64').
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaInventoryFeedTools.java:66:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaInventoryFeedTools.java:93:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'inventoryItems' (lines '93'-'94').
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaInventoryFeedTools.java:95:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaInventoryFeedTools.java:115:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'inventoryItems' (lines '115'-'121').
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaInventoryFeedTools.java:158:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'inventoryItems' (lines '158'-'168').
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaInventoryFeedTools.java:168:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'inventoryItems' (lines '168'-'182').
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaInventoryFeedTools.java:198:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'inventoryItems' (lines '198'-'202').
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaInventoryFeedTools.java:202:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'inventoryItems' (lines '202'-'216').
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaInventoryFeedTools.java:230:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'inventoryVO' (lines '230'-'233').
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaInventoryFeedTools.java:238:	Local variable 'skuId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaInventoryFeedTools.java:242:	Local variable 'globalStockLevel' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaInventoryFeedTools.java:244:	Avoid excessively long variable names like registryStockLevel
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaInventoryFeedTools.java:320:	Parameter 'params' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaInventoryFeedTools.java:320:	Parameter 'repository' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaInventoryFeedTools.java:320:	Parameter 'rqlQuery' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaInventoryFeedTools.java:320:	Parameter 'viewName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaInventoryFeedTools.java:320:	The method 'executeRQLQuery' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaInventoryFeedTools.java:321:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'statement' (lines '321'-'327').
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaInventoryFeedTools.java:321:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'statement' (lines '321'-'358').
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaInventoryFeedTools.java:322:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'queryResult' (lines '322'-'333').
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaInventoryFeedTools.java:323:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaInventoryFeedTools.java:324:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaInventoryFeedTools.java:326:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'startTime' (lines '326'-'358').
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaInventoryFeedTools.java:326:	Local variable 'startTime' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaInventoryFeedTools.java:328:	Local variable 'view' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaProfileFeedTools.java:48:	The class 'CertonaProfileFeedTools' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 5 (Highest = 31).
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaProfileFeedTools.java:49:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mUserProfileRepository
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaProfileFeedTools.java:65:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pUserProfileRepository
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaProfileFeedTools.java:83:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mGiftRegistryManager
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaProfileFeedTools.java:95:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'repositoryItem' (lines '95'-'106').
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaProfileFeedTools.java:100:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'profileItems' (lines '100'-'103').
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaProfileFeedTools.java:101:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'cProfileVO' (lines '101'-'106').
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaProfileFeedTools.java:101:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'cProfileVO' (lines '101'-'115').
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaProfileFeedTools.java:105:	Local variable 'repositoryItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaProfileFeedTools.java:126:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'repositoryItem' (lines '126'-'142').
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaProfileFeedTools.java:131:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'profileItems' (lines '131'-'135').
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaProfileFeedTools.java:131:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'profileItems' (lines '131'-'137').
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaProfileFeedTools.java:132:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'cProfileVO' (lines '132'-'142').
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaProfileFeedTools.java:132:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'cProfileVO' (lines '132'-'151').
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaProfileFeedTools.java:141:	Local variable 'repositoryItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaProfileFeedTools.java:159:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaProfileFeedTools.java:159:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'key' (lines '159'-'211').
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaProfileFeedTools.java:159:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'siteId' (lines '159'-'237').
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaProfileFeedTools.java:159:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'userRegId' (lines '159'-'255').
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaProfileFeedTools.java:159:	The method 'populateProfileVO' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 31.
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaProfileFeedTools.java:159:	The method populateProfileVO() has an NPath complexity of 1523713
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaProfileFeedTools.java:161:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'certonaProfileVO' (lines '161'-'164').
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaProfileFeedTools.java:162:	Local variable 'userSiteIds' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaProfileFeedTools.java:206:	Avoid excessively long variable names like certonaProfileSiteVOList
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaProfileFeedTools.java:208:	Avoid excessively long variable names like certonaProfileSiteVO
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaProfileFeedTools.java:208:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'certonaProfileSiteVO' (lines '208'-'210').
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaProfileFeedTools.java:209:	Local variable 'key' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaProfileFeedTools.java:210:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaProfileFeedTools.java:210:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'certonaProfileSiteVO' (lines '210'-'272').
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaProfileFeedTools.java:212:	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaProfileFeedTools.java:231:	Avoid excessively long variable names like certonaGiftRegistryVOList
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaProfileFeedTools.java:232:	Avoid excessively long variable names like certonaGiftRegistryVO
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaProfileFeedTools.java:232:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'certonaGiftRegistryVO' (lines '232'-'259').
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaProfileFeedTools.java:232:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'certonaGiftRegistryVO' (lines '232'-'272').
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaProfileFeedTools.java:233:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'userRegIds' (lines '233'-'239').
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaProfileFeedTools.java:233:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'userRegIds' (lines '233'-'272').
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaProfileFeedTools.java:234:	Avoid excessively long variable names like registryIdRepItems
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaProfileFeedTools.java:235:	Local variable 'siteId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaProfileFeedTools.java:239:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaProfileFeedTools.java:245:	The String literal "Not getting data from repository " appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 245
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaProfileFeedTools.java:252:	Local variable 'userRegId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaProfileFeedTools.java:253:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'repositoryItem' (lines '253'-'255').
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaProfileFeedTools.java:259:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaProfileFeedTools.java:283:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'profileItems' (lines '283'-'288').
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaProfileFeedTools.java:311:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'profileItems' (lines '311'-'313').
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaProfileFeedTools.java:341:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'profileItems' (lines '341'-'348').
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaProfileFeedTools.java:348:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'profileItems' (lines '348'-'357').
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaProfileFeedTools.java:369:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pGiftRegistryManager
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaProfileFeedTools.java:369:	Parameter 'pGiftRegistryManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaProfileFeedTools.java:383:	Parameter 'siteContext' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaProfileFeedTools.java:386:	Parameter 'params' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaProfileFeedTools.java:386:	Parameter 'repository' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaProfileFeedTools.java:386:	Parameter 'rqlQuery' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaProfileFeedTools.java:386:	Parameter 'viewName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaProfileFeedTools.java:386:	The method 'executeRQLQuery' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaProfileFeedTools.java:387:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'statement' (lines '387'-'393').
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaProfileFeedTools.java:387:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'statement' (lines '387'-'424').
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaProfileFeedTools.java:388:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'queryResult' (lines '388'-'399').
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaProfileFeedTools.java:389:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaProfileFeedTools.java:390:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaProfileFeedTools.java:392:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'startTime' (lines '392'-'424').
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaProfileFeedTools.java:392:	Local variable 'startTime' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/certona/utils/CertonaProfileFeedTools.java:394:	Local variable 'view' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/BBBGetRootCategoryDroplet.java:22:	The class 'BBBGetRootCategoryDroplet' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 6 (Highest = 14).
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/BBBGetRootCategoryDroplet.java:39:	Parameter 'catalogTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/BBBGetRootCategoryDroplet.java:44:	The method 'service' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 14.
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/BBBGetRootCategoryDroplet.java:50:	Local variable 'methodName' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/BBBGetRootCategoryDroplet.java:54:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'siteId' (lines '54'-'104').
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/BBBGetRootCategoryDroplet.java:54:	Local variable 'siteId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/BBBGetRootCategoryDroplet.java:56:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/BBBGetRootCategoryDroplet.java:63:	Local variable 'categoryMap' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/BBBGetRootCategoryDroplet.java:65:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/BBBGetRootCategoryDroplet.java:67:	Local variable 'category' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/BBBGetRootCategoryDroplet.java:69:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/BBBGetRootCategoryDroplet.java:73:	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/BridalShowDetailDroplet.java:5:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.Collection'
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/BridalShowDetailDroplet.java:5:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.Collection'
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/BridalShowDetailDroplet.java:8:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.Iterator'
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/BridalShowDetailDroplet.java:8:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.Iterator'
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/BridalShowDetailDroplet.java:41:	The class 'BridalShowDetailDroplet' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 20).
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/BridalShowDetailDroplet.java:46:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mBridalShowTemplateRepository
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/BridalShowDetailDroplet.java:51:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mBridalShowManager
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/BridalShowDetailDroplet.java:55:	Avoid excessively long variable names like bridalShowViewDirection
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/BridalShowDetailDroplet.java:63:	Avoid excessively long variable names like bridalShowViewDirection
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/BridalShowDetailDroplet.java:63:	Parameter 'bridalShowViewDirection' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/BridalShowDetailDroplet.java:78:	Parameter 'pCatalogTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/BridalShowDetailDroplet.java:92:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pBridalShowManager
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/BridalShowDetailDroplet.java:92:	Parameter 'pBridalShowManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/BridalShowDetailDroplet.java:108:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pBridalShowTemplateRepository
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/BridalShowDetailDroplet.java:108:	Parameter 'pBridalShowTemplateRepository' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/BridalShowDetailDroplet.java:118:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/BridalShowDetailDroplet.java:118:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'bridalItem' (lines '118'-'210').
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/BridalShowDetailDroplet.java:118:	The method 'service' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 20.
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/BridalShowDetailDroplet.java:118:	The method service() has an NPath complexity of 9271
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/BridalShowDetailDroplet.java:125:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'errMsg' (lines '125'-'245').
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/BridalShowDetailDroplet.java:125:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'errMsg' (lines '125'-'275').
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/BridalShowDetailDroplet.java:175:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'queries' (lines '175'-'179').
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/BridalShowDetailDroplet.java:178:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/BridalShowDetailDroplet.java:179:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'queries' (lines '179'-'180').
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/BridalShowDetailDroplet.java:180:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'queries' (lines '180'-'182').
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/BridalShowDetailDroplet.java:182:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'queries' (lines '182'-'185').
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/BridalShowDetailDroplet.java:198:	Avoid excessively long variable names like bridalShowTemplate
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/BridalShowDetailDroplet.java:205:	Local variable 'bridalDetails' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/BridalShowDetailDroplet.java:207:	Local variable 'bridalItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/BridalShowDetailDroplet.java:208:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/BridalShowDetailDroplet.java:208:	Local variable 'bridalDetail' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/BridalShowDetailDroplet.java:212:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/BridalShowDetailDroplet.java:217:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/BridalShowDetailDroplet.java:239:	Avoid excessively long variable names like bridalShowViewDirection
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/BridalShowDetailDroplet.java:239:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bridalShowViewDirection' (lines '239'-'243').
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/BridalShowDetailDroplet.java:245:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'errMsg' (lines '245'-'248').
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/BridalShowDetailDroplet.java:248:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'errMsg' (lines '248'-'245').
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/BridalShowDetailDroplet.java:248:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'errMsg' (lines '248'-'269').
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/BridalShowDetailDroplet.java:285:	Parameter 'stateId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/BridalShowDetailDroplet.java:288:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bridalDetail' (lines '288'-'296').
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/BridalShowDetailDroplet.java:290:	Local variable 'request' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/BridalShowDetailDroplet.java:291:	Local variable 'response' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/BridalShowDetailDroplet.java:296:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'bridalDetail' (lines '296'-'315').
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/BridalShowDetailDroplet.java:297:	Local variable 'error' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/BridalShowDetailDroplet.java:300:	Local variable 'errorArray' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/BridalShowDetailDroplet.java:300:	String.indexOf(char) is faster than String.indexOf(String).
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/BridalShowDetailDroplet.java:301:	Local variable 'errorCode' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/BridalShowDetailDroplet.java:301:	String.indexOf(char) is faster than String.indexOf(String).
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/BridalShowDetailDroplet.java:308:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/BridalShowDetailDroplet.java:311:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/BridalShowStateDroplet.java:33:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mBridalShowManager
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/BridalShowStateDroplet.java:37:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mBridalShowTemplateRepository
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/BridalShowStateDroplet.java:51:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pBridalShowTemplateRepository
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/BridalShowStateDroplet.java:81:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/BridalShowStateDroplet.java:81:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'bridalItem' (lines '81'-'150').
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/BridalShowStateDroplet.java:81:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'stateItem' (lines '81'-'154').
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/BridalShowStateDroplet.java:129:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'queries' (lines '129'-'130').
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/BridalShowStateDroplet.java:130:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'queries' (lines '130'-'133').
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/BridalShowStateDroplet.java:165:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/BridalShowStateDroplet.java:196:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pBridalShowManager
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/CircularLandingDroplet.java:21:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mLandingTemplateManager
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/CircularLandingDroplet.java:34:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pLandingTemplateManager
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/CircularLandingDroplet.java:34:	Parameter 'pLandingTemplateManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/CircularLandingDroplet.java:48:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pageName' (lines '48'-'53').
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/CircularLandingDroplet.java:49:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'categoryId' (lines '49'-'81').
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/CircularLandingDroplet.java:49:	Local variable 'categoryId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/CircularLandingDroplet.java:50:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'siteId' (lines '50'-'59').
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/CircularLandingDroplet.java:50:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'siteId' (lines '50'-'61').
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/CircularLandingDroplet.java:58:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/CircularLandingDroplet.java:59:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'siteId' (lines '59'-'81').
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/CircularLandingDroplet.java:61:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'siteId' (lines '61'-'81').
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/CircularLandingDroplet.java:68:	Local variable 'landingTemplateVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/CircularLandingDroplet.java:69:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/CmsNavFlyoutDroplet.java:26:	The class 'CmsNavFlyoutDroplet' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 21).
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/CmsNavFlyoutDroplet.java:32:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mCategoryItemNumberKey
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/CmsNavFlyoutDroplet.java:44:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pCategoryItemNumberKey
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/CmsNavFlyoutDroplet.java:44:	Parameter 'pCategoryItemNumberKey' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/CmsNavFlyoutDroplet.java:57:	Parameter 'catalogTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/CmsNavFlyoutDroplet.java:64:	Parameter 'mSearchManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/CmsNavFlyoutDroplet.java:68:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/CmsNavFlyoutDroplet.java:68:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'brand' (lines '68'-'159').
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/CmsNavFlyoutDroplet.java:68:	The method 'service' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 21.
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/CmsNavFlyoutDroplet.java:68:	The method service() has an NPath complexity of 216
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/CmsNavFlyoutDroplet.java:80:	Local variable 'pSearchQuery' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/CmsNavFlyoutDroplet.java:81:	Local variable 'siteId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/CmsNavFlyoutDroplet.java:82:	Local variable 'catalogId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/CmsNavFlyoutDroplet.java:83:	Local variable 'root' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/CmsNavFlyoutDroplet.java:84:	Local variable 'catalogRefId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/CmsNavFlyoutDroplet.java:85:	Local variable 'pCatalogRef' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/CmsNavFlyoutDroplet.java:97:	Local variable 'categoryTree' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/CmsNavFlyoutDroplet.java:98:	Avoid excessively long variable names like categoryTreeBaseMap
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/CmsNavFlyoutDroplet.java:98:	Local variable 'categoryTreeBaseMap' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/CmsNavFlyoutDroplet.java:101:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'categoryArray' (lines '101'-'124').
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/CmsNavFlyoutDroplet.java:102:	Local variable 'lenght' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/CmsNavFlyoutDroplet.java:106:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'rows' (lines '106'-'114').
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/CmsNavFlyoutDroplet.java:109:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'flag' (lines '109'-'116').
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/CmsNavFlyoutDroplet.java:115:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'extVar' (lines '115'-'216').
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/CmsNavFlyoutDroplet.java:119:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/CmsNavFlyoutDroplet.java:122:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'counter' (lines '122'-'216').
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/CmsNavFlyoutDroplet.java:124:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'categoryArray' (lines '124'-'124').
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/CmsNavFlyoutDroplet.java:125:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'varCount' (lines '125'-'216').
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/CmsNavFlyoutDroplet.java:127:	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/CmsNavFlyoutDroplet.java:128:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'rows' (lines '128'-'114').
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/CmsNavFlyoutDroplet.java:128:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'rows' (lines '128'-'216').
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/CmsNavFlyoutDroplet.java:129:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'flag' (lines '129'-'116').
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/CmsNavFlyoutDroplet.java:129:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'flag' (lines '129'-'216').
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/CmsNavFlyoutDroplet.java:136:	Local variable 'searchQuery' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/CmsNavFlyoutDroplet.java:137:	Local variable 'catalogRef' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/CmsNavFlyoutDroplet.java:139:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'brandCategory' (lines '139'-'156').
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/CmsNavFlyoutDroplet.java:140:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'brandQuery' (lines '140'-'161').
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/CmsNavFlyoutDroplet.java:149:	Local variable 'pQueryFacets' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/CmsNavFlyoutDroplet.java:157:	Local variable 'brand' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/CmsNavFlyoutDroplet.java:173:	The String literal "Exception Generated in Underlying Search Procedure : " appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 173
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/CollegeCategoryDroplet.java:19:	The class 'CollegeCategoryDroplet' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 10).
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/CollegeCategoryDroplet.java:38:	Parameter 'catalogTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/CollegeCategoryDroplet.java:46:	The method 'service' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/CollegeCategoryDroplet.java:54:	Avoid excessively long variable names like COLLEGE_CATEGORIES
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/CollegeCategoryDroplet.java:57:	Local variable 'siteId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/CollegeCategoryDroplet.java:59:	Local variable 'rootCollegeId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/CollegeCollectionsDroplet.java:27:	Avoid excessively long variable names like dormRoomCollectionCatId
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/CollegeCollectionsDroplet.java:34:	Avoid excessively long variable names like dormRoomCollectionCatId
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/CollegeCollectionsDroplet.java:34:	Parameter 'dormRoomCollectionCatId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/CollegeCollectionsDroplet.java:42:	Parameter 'configType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/CollegeCollectionsDroplet.java:47:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/CollegeCollectionsDroplet.java:57:	Parameter 'pSiteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/CollegeCollectionsDroplet.java:75:	Parameter 'catalogTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/CollegeCollectionsDroplet.java:89:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'EMPTY' (lines '89'-'119').
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/CollegeCollectionsDroplet.java:90:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'COLLEGE_OUTPUT' (lines '90'-'119').
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/CollegeCollectionsDroplet.java:91:	Avoid excessively long variable names like LIST_COLLECTION_VO
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/CollegeCollectionsDroplet.java:96:	Local variable 'keyDormCollection' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/CollegeCollectionsDroplet.java:97:	Local variable 'dormRoomId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/GuidesLongDescDroplet.java:13:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mGuidesTemplateManager
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/GuidesLongDescDroplet.java:26:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pGuidesTemplateManager
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/GuidesLongDescDroplet.java:26:	Parameter 'pGuidesTemplateManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/GuidesLongDescDroplet.java:44:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'EMPTY' (lines '44'-'78').
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/GuidesLongDescDroplet.java:45:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'GUIDE_LONG_DESC' (lines '45'-'78').
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/GuidesLongDescDroplet.java:46:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'OUTPUT' (lines '46'-'78').
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/GuidesLongDescDroplet.java:49:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'guideId' (lines '49'-'53').
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/GuidesLongDescDroplet.java:63:	Local variable 'guidesLongDesc' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/GuidesLongDescDroplet.java:64:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/GuidesTemplateDroplet.java:17:	The class 'GuidesTemplateDroplet' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 2 (Highest = 13).
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/GuidesTemplateDroplet.java:22:	Avoid excessively long variable names like LST_GUIDES_TEMPLATE
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/GuidesTemplateDroplet.java:32:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mGuidesTemplateManager
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/GuidesTemplateDroplet.java:35:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mDefaultContentType
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/GuidesTemplateDroplet.java:36:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mDefaultGuideCategory
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/GuidesTemplateDroplet.java:50:	Parameter 'pLstDropDown' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/GuidesTemplateDroplet.java:65:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pGuidesTemplateManager
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/GuidesTemplateDroplet.java:65:	Parameter 'pGuidesTemplateManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/GuidesTemplateDroplet.java:73:	Avoid excessively long variable names like defaultContentType
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/GuidesTemplateDroplet.java:73:	Parameter 'defaultContentType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/GuidesTemplateDroplet.java:81:	Avoid excessively long variable names like defaultGuideCategory
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/GuidesTemplateDroplet.java:81:	Parameter 'defaultGuideCategory' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/GuidesTemplateDroplet.java:95:	Parameter 'catalogTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/GuidesTemplateDroplet.java:109:	Parameter 'configKey' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/GuidesTemplateDroplet.java:118:	The method 'service' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 13.
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/GuidesTemplateDroplet.java:118:	The method service() has an NPath complexity of 225
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/GuidesTemplateDroplet.java:122:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'siteId' (lines '122'-'172').
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/GuidesTemplateDroplet.java:122:	Local variable 'siteId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/GuidesTemplateDroplet.java:136:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'lstGuidesTemplate' (lines '136'-'141').
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/GuidesTemplateDroplet.java:136:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'lstGuidesTemplate' (lines '136'-'172').
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/GuidesTemplateDroplet.java:148:	Local variable 'lstDropDown' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/GuidesTemplateDroplet.java:149:	Local variable 'firstDropDown' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/GuidesVideosDroplet.java:37:	Parameter 'catalogTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/GuidesVideosDroplet.java:47:	Parameter 'configKey' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/GuidesVideosDroplet.java:57:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'finalVideoList' (lines '57'-'65').
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/GuidesVideosDroplet.java:57:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'finalVideoList' (lines '57'-'102').
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/GuidesVideosDroplet.java:58:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'updatedVideosList' (lines '58'-'69').
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/GuidesVideosDroplet.java:58:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'updatedVideosList' (lines '58'-'102').
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/GuidesVideosDroplet.java:60:	Local variable 'videoList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/GuidesVideosDroplet.java:62:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0) with calls to isEmpty()
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/GuidesVideosDroplet.java:63:	Avoid variables with short names like it
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/GuidesVideosDroplet.java:63:	Local variable 'it' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/HeaderWhatsNewDroplet.java:14:	The class 'HeaderWhatsNewDroplet' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 14).
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/HeaderWhatsNewDroplet.java:17:	Avoid excessively long variable names like whatsNewCategoryBaby
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/HeaderWhatsNewDroplet.java:18:	Avoid excessively long variable names like whatsNewCategoryUS
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/HeaderWhatsNewDroplet.java:19:	Avoid excessively long variable names like whatsNewCategoryCanada
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/HeaderWhatsNewDroplet.java:27:	Parameter 'pCatalogTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/HeaderWhatsNewDroplet.java:34:	Avoid excessively long variable names like whatsNewCategoryUS
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/HeaderWhatsNewDroplet.java:34:	Parameter 'whatsNewCategoryUS' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/HeaderWhatsNewDroplet.java:41:	Avoid excessively long variable names like whatsNewCategoryCanada
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/HeaderWhatsNewDroplet.java:41:	Parameter 'whatsNewCategoryCanada' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/HeaderWhatsNewDroplet.java:48:	Avoid excessively long variable names like whatsNewCategoryBaby
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/HeaderWhatsNewDroplet.java:48:	Parameter 'whatsNewCategoryBaby' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/HeaderWhatsNewDroplet.java:52:	The method 'service' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 14.
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/HeaderWhatsNewDroplet.java:52:	The method service() has an NPath complexity of 288
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/HeaderWhatsNewDroplet.java:59:	Local variable 'methodName' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/HeaderWhatsNewDroplet.java:61:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'categoryId' (lines '61'-'86').
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/HeaderWhatsNewDroplet.java:62:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'catKey' (lines '62'-'73').
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/HeaderWhatsNewDroplet.java:62:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'catKey' (lines '62'-'77').
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/HeaderWhatsNewDroplet.java:62:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'catKey' (lines '62'-'81').
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/HeaderWhatsNewDroplet.java:99:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/HomePageProductsDroplet.java:9:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.cms.manager.LblTxtTemplateManager'
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/HomePageProductsDroplet.java:9:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.cms.manager.LblTxtTemplateManager'
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/HomePageProductsDroplet.java:20:	The class 'HomePageProductsDroplet' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 5 (Highest = 12).
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/HomePageProductsDroplet.java:22:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mHomePageTemplateManager
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/HomePageProductsDroplet.java:38:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pHomePageTemplateManager
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/HomePageProductsDroplet.java:38:	Parameter 'pHomePageTemplateManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/HomePageProductsDroplet.java:45:	The method 'service' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 12.
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/HomePageProductsDroplet.java:48:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'className' (lines '48'-'96').
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/HomePageProductsDroplet.java:53:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'siteId' (lines '53'-'61').
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/HomePageProductsDroplet.java:54:	Avoid excessively long variable names like homePageTemplateVO
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/HomePageProductsDroplet.java:54:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'homePageTemplateVO' (lines '54'-'64').
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/HomePageProductsDroplet.java:65:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/HomePageTemplateDroplet.java:20:	The class 'HomePageTemplateDroplet' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 5 (Highest = 12).
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/HomePageTemplateDroplet.java:22:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mHomePageTemplateManager
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/HomePageTemplateDroplet.java:38:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pHomePageTemplateManager
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/HomePageTemplateDroplet.java:38:	Parameter 'pHomePageTemplateManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/HomePageTemplateDroplet.java:45:	The method 'service' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 12.
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/HomePageTemplateDroplet.java:53:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'siteId' (lines '53'-'61').
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/HomePageTemplateDroplet.java:64:	Avoid excessively long variable names like homePageTemplateVO
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/HomePageTemplateDroplet.java:65:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/LandingTemplateDroplet.java:22:	The class 'LandingTemplateDroplet' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 6 (Highest = 25).
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/LandingTemplateDroplet.java:24:	Avoid excessively long variable names like COLLEGE_LANDING_PAGE
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/LandingTemplateDroplet.java:26:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mLandingTemplateManager
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/LandingTemplateDroplet.java:30:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REGISTRY_LANDING_PAGE
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/LandingTemplateDroplet.java:42:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pLandingTemplateManager
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/LandingTemplateDroplet.java:69:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/LandingTemplateDroplet.java:69:	The method 'service' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 25.
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/LandingTemplateDroplet.java:69:	The method service() has an NPath complexity of 35712
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/LandingTemplateDroplet.java:78:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'EMPTY' (lines '78'-'175').
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/LandingTemplateDroplet.java:79:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'LANDING_OUTPUT' (lines '79'-'175').
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/LandingTemplateDroplet.java:80:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'LAND_TEMP_VO' (lines '80'-'175').
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/LandingTemplateDroplet.java:81:	Avoid excessively long variable names like COLLEGE_CATEGORIES
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/LandingTemplateDroplet.java:81:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'COLLEGE_CATEGORIES' (lines '81'-'175').
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/LandingTemplateDroplet.java:83:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pageName' (lines '83'-'88').
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/LandingTemplateDroplet.java:84:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'categoryId' (lines '84'-'118').
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/LandingTemplateDroplet.java:84:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'categoryId' (lines '84'-'175').
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/LandingTemplateDroplet.java:85:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'siteId' (lines '85'-'98').
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/LandingTemplateDroplet.java:97:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/LandingTemplateDroplet.java:105:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'rootCollegeId' (lines '105'-'107').
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/LandingTemplateDroplet.java:118:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'categoryId' (lines '118'-'175').
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/LandingTemplateDroplet.java:120:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/LandingTemplateDroplet.java:157:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/NextCollegeCollectionDroplet.java:23:	The class 'NextCollegeCollectionDroplet' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 14).
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/NextCollegeCollectionDroplet.java:28:	Avoid excessively long variable names like dormRoomCollectionCatId
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/NextCollegeCollectionDroplet.java:35:	Avoid excessively long variable names like dormRoomCollectionCatId
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/NextCollegeCollectionDroplet.java:35:	Parameter 'dormRoomCollectionCatId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/NextCollegeCollectionDroplet.java:43:	Parameter 'configType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/NextCollegeCollectionDroplet.java:47:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/NextCollegeCollectionDroplet.java:57:	Parameter 'pSiteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/NextCollegeCollectionDroplet.java:75:	Parameter 'catalogTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/NextCollegeCollectionDroplet.java:83:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'collectionProductVO' (lines '83'-'110').
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/NextCollegeCollectionDroplet.java:83:	The method 'service' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 14.
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/NextCollegeCollectionDroplet.java:83:	The method service() has an NPath complexity of 256
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/NextCollegeCollectionDroplet.java:88:	Local variable 'methodName' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/NextCollegeCollectionDroplet.java:92:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'EMPTY' (lines '92'-'162').
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/NextCollegeCollectionDroplet.java:93:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'COLLEGE_OUTPUT' (lines '93'-'162').
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/NextCollegeCollectionDroplet.java:94:	Avoid excessively long variable names like NEXT_COLLECTION_VO
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/NextCollegeCollectionDroplet.java:96:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'productId' (lines '96'-'100').
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/NextCollegeCollectionDroplet.java:97:	Avoid excessively long variable names like nextCollectionProduct
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/NextCollegeCollectionDroplet.java:97:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'nextCollectionProduct' (lines '97'-'118').
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/NextCollegeCollectionDroplet.java:97:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'nextCollectionProduct' (lines '97'-'123').
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/NextCollegeCollectionDroplet.java:100:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'productId' (lines '100'-'162').
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/NextCollegeCollectionDroplet.java:104:	Local variable 'dormRoomId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/NextCollegeCollectionDroplet.java:107:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'matchFlag' (lines '107'-'112').
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/NextCollegeCollectionDroplet.java:107:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'matchFlag' (lines '107'-'162').
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/NextCollegeCollectionDroplet.java:108:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'index' (lines '108'-'127').
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/NextCollegeCollectionDroplet.java:108:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'index' (lines '108'-'162').
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/NextCollegeCollectionDroplet.java:109:	Avoid excessively long variable names like collectionProductVO
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/NextCollegeCollectionDroplet.java:109:	Local variable 'collectionProductVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/NextCollegeCollectionDroplet.java:127:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'index' (lines '127'-'127').
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/NextCollegeCollectionDroplet.java:127:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'index' (lines '127'-'162').
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/PageTabsOrderingDroplet.java:17:	The class 'PageTabsOrderingDroplet' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 2 (Highest = 10).
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/PageTabsOrderingDroplet.java:29:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mCustomerAlsoViewed
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/PageTabsOrderingDroplet.java:30:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mFrequentlyBoughtWith
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/PageTabsOrderingDroplet.java:31:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mTopUniversityItems
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/PageTabsOrderingDroplet.java:43:	Parameter 'pAlsoCheckOut' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/PageTabsOrderingDroplet.java:57:	Parameter 'pLastViewedItems' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/PageTabsOrderingDroplet.java:71:	Parameter 'pTopCollegeItems' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/PageTabsOrderingDroplet.java:85:	Parameter 'pClearanceDeals' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/PageTabsOrderingDroplet.java:99:	Parameter 'pJustForYou' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/PageTabsOrderingDroplet.java:113:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pCustomerAlsoViewed
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/PageTabsOrderingDroplet.java:113:	Parameter 'pCustomerAlsoViewed' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/PageTabsOrderingDroplet.java:127:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pFrequentlyBoughtWith
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/PageTabsOrderingDroplet.java:127:	Parameter 'pFrequentlyBoughtWith' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/PageTabsOrderingDroplet.java:141:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pTopUniversityItems
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/PageTabsOrderingDroplet.java:141:	Parameter 'pTopUniversityItems' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/PageTabsOrderingDroplet.java:162:	Parameter 'catalogTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/PageTabsOrderingDroplet.java:167:	The method 'service' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/PageTabsOrderingDroplet.java:182:	Local variable 'pageName' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/PageTabsOrderingDroplet.java:184:	Local variable 'tabs' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/PageTabsOrderingDroplet.java:185:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/PaginationDroplet.java:15:	The class 'PaginationDroplet' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 14 (Highest = 13).
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/PaginationDroplet.java:28:	The method 'service' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 13.
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/PaginationDroplet.java:28:	The method service() has an NPath complexity of 280
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/PaginationDroplet.java:35:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pageNo' (lines '35'-'42').
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/PaginationDroplet.java:35:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'pageNo' (lines '35'-'93').
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/PaginationDroplet.java:36:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'perPage' (lines '36'-'46').
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/PaginationDroplet.java:36:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'perPage' (lines '36'-'93').
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/PaginationDroplet.java:37:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'seeAll' (lines '37'-'50').
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/PaginationDroplet.java:37:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'seeAll' (lines '37'-'93').
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/PaginationDroplet.java:39:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'guideReturnList' (lines '39'-'93').
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/PaginationDroplet.java:39:	Local variable 'guideReturnList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/PaginationDroplet.java:42:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'pageNo' (lines '42'-'93').
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/PaginationDroplet.java:46:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'perPage' (lines '46'-'93').
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/PaginationDroplet.java:50:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'seeAll' (lines '50'-'93').
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/PaginationDroplet.java:60:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0) with calls to isEmpty()
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/PaginationDroplet.java:61:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'forStart' (lines '61'-'65').
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/PaginationDroplet.java:61:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'forStart' (lines '61'-'68').
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/PaginationDroplet.java:62:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'forEnd' (lines '62'-'66').
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/PaginationDroplet.java:62:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'forEnd' (lines '62'-'69').
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/PaginationDroplet.java:64:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/PaginationDroplet.java:80:	Local variable 'pageCount' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/RegistryTemplateDroplet.java:19:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.constants.BBBCoreErrorConstants'
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/RegistryTemplateDroplet.java:19:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.constants.BBBCoreErrorConstants'
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/RegistryTemplateDroplet.java:21:	The class 'RegistryTemplateDroplet' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 5 (Highest = 22).
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/RegistryTemplateDroplet.java:23:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mRegistryTemplateManager
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/RegistryTemplateDroplet.java:28:	This final field could be made static
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/RegistryTemplateDroplet.java:29:	This final field could be made static
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/RegistryTemplateDroplet.java:30:	This final field could be made static
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/RegistryTemplateDroplet.java:31:	This final field could be made static
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/RegistryTemplateDroplet.java:32:	This final field could be made static
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/RegistryTemplateDroplet.java:33:	This final field could be made static
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/RegistryTemplateDroplet.java:34:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PAGE_WRAPPER_COLLEGE
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/RegistryTemplateDroplet.java:34:	This final field could be made static
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/RegistryTemplateDroplet.java:35:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PAGE_WRAPPER_REGISTRY
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/RegistryTemplateDroplet.java:35:	This final field could be made static
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/RegistryTemplateDroplet.java:36:	This final field could be made static
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/RegistryTemplateDroplet.java:37:	This final field could be made static
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/RegistryTemplateDroplet.java:38:	This final field could be made static
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/RegistryTemplateDroplet.java:47:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pRegistryTemplateManager
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/RegistryTemplateDroplet.java:47:	Parameter 'pRegistryTemplateManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/RegistryTemplateDroplet.java:62:	Parameter 'pCatalogTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/RegistryTemplateDroplet.java:74:	The method 'service' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 22.
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/RegistryTemplateDroplet.java:74:	The method service() has an NPath complexity of 9296
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/RegistryTemplateDroplet.java:81:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pageName' (lines '81'-'90').
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/RegistryTemplateDroplet.java:86:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'siteId' (lines '86'-'155').
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/RegistryTemplateDroplet.java:99:	Avoid excessively long variable names like registryTemplateVO
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/RegistryTemplateDroplet.java:99:	Local variable 'registryTemplateVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/RegistryTemplateDroplet.java:100:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/RegistryTemplateDroplet.java:105:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'registryPdfURL' (lines '105'-'109').
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/RegistryTemplateDroplet.java:107:	Local variable 'regKey' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/RegistryTemplateDroplet.java:123:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'collegePdfURL' (lines '123'-'127').
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/RegistryTemplateDroplet.java:125:	Local variable 'colgKey' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/RegistryTemplateDroplet.java:157:	Avoid excessively long variable names like registryTemplateVO
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/RegistryTemplateDroplet.java:157:	Parameter 'registryTemplateVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/RegistryTemplateDroplet.java:157:	Parameter 'siteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/RegistryTemplateDroplet.java:157:	The method 'setPageTheme' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 19.
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/RegistryTemplateDroplet.java:157:	The method setPageTheme() has an NPath complexity of 2016
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/RegistryTemplateDroplet.java:158:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pageWrapper' (lines '158'-'186').
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/RegistryTemplateDroplet.java:159:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pageVariation' (lines '159'-'188').
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/RegistryTemplateDroplet.java:159:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pageVariation' (lines '159'-'205').
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/RegistryTemplateDroplet.java:160:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bbbPageName' (lines '160'-'166').
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/RegistryTemplateDroplet.java:160:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'bbbPageName' (lines '160'-'218').
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/RegistryTemplateDroplet.java:161:	Local variable 'pageName' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/RegistryTemplateDroplet.java:162:	Local variable 'pageType' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/RegistryTemplateDroplet.java:163:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pageAttributes' (lines '163'-'168').
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/RegistryTemplateDroplet.java:163:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pageAttributes' (lines '163'-'176').
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/RegistryTemplateDroplet.java:169:	Avoid excessively long variable names like bbbBusinessException
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/RegistryTemplateDroplet.java:171:	Avoid excessively long variable names like bbbSystemException
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/RegistryTemplateDroplet.java:177:	Avoid excessively long variable names like bbbBusinessException
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/RegistryTemplateDroplet.java:179:	Avoid excessively long variable names like bbbSystemException
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/RegistryTemplateDroplet.java:185:	Local variable 'attributes' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/RegistryTemplateDroplet.java:196:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/RegistryTemplateDroplet.java:210:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pageVariation' (lines '210'-'213').
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/RegistryTemplateDroplet.java:223:	Parameter 'regChklstPdfKey' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/RegistryTemplateDroplet.java:231:	Parameter 'collgChklstPdfKey' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/StaticTemplateDroplet.java:16:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.cms.StaticContentVO'
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/StaticTemplateDroplet.java:16:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.cms.StaticContentVO'
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/StaticTemplateDroplet.java:26:	The class 'StaticTemplateDroplet' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 10).
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/StaticTemplateDroplet.java:28:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mStaticTemplateManager
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/StaticTemplateDroplet.java:29:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mStaticTemplateRepository
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/StaticTemplateDroplet.java:30:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'semicolon'.
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/StaticTemplateDroplet.java:30:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'semicolon' is not all capitals.
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/StaticTemplateDroplet.java:40:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pStaticTemplateRepository
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/StaticTemplateDroplet.java:40:	Parameter 'pStaticTemplateRepository' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/StaticTemplateDroplet.java:55:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pStaticTemplateManager
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/StaticTemplateDroplet.java:55:	Parameter 'pStaticTemplateManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/StaticTemplateDroplet.java:63:	Parameter 'pRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/StaticTemplateDroplet.java:63:	The method 'service' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/StaticTemplateDroplet.java:64:	Parameter 'pResponse' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/StaticTemplateDroplet.java:72:	Avoid excessively long variable names like staticTemplateData
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/StaticTemplateDroplet.java:72:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'staticTemplateData' (lines '72'-'93').
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/StaticTemplateDroplet.java:75:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'siteId' (lines '75'-'84').
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/StaticTemplateDroplet.java:76:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pageName' (lines '76'-'89').
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/StaticTemplateDroplet.java:77:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'counter' (lines '77'-'134').
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/StaticTemplateDroplet.java:79:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'parentPages' (lines '79'-'134').
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/StaticTemplateDroplet.java:79:	Local variable 'parentPages' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/StaticTemplateDroplet.java:80:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'parentPage' (lines '80'-'98').
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/StaticTemplateDroplet.java:80:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'parentPage' (lines '80'-'134').
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/StaticTemplateDroplet.java:97:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/StaticTemplateDroplet.java:100:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/StaticTemplateDroplet.java:101:	Local variable 'bbbPageName' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/StaticTemplateDroplet.java:102:	Local variable 'pageTitle' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/droplet/StaticTemplateDroplet.java:106:	Local variable 'parentPageIdNew' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/email/EmailAPageFormHandler.java:31:	The class 'EmailAPageFormHandler' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 2 (Highest = 12).
src/com/bbb/cms/email/EmailAPageFormHandler.java:33:	Avoid excessively long variable names like INCORRECT_CAPTHA_MESSAGE_KEY
src/com/bbb/cms/email/EmailAPageFormHandler.java:36:	Avoid excessively long variable names like RESPONSE_TYPE_JSON
src/com/bbb/cms/email/EmailAPageFormHandler.java:41:	Field validateCaptcha has the same name as a method
src/com/bbb/cms/email/EmailAPageFormHandler.java:45:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mLblTxtTemplateManager
src/com/bbb/cms/email/EmailAPageFormHandler.java:47:	Avoid excessively long variable names like incorrectCapthaMsgKey
src/com/bbb/cms/email/EmailAPageFormHandler.java:56:	Parameter 'captchaAnswer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/email/EmailAPageFormHandler.java:66:	Parameter 'mSubjectParamName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/email/EmailAPageFormHandler.java:71:	Parameter 'validateCaptcha' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/email/EmailAPageFormHandler.java:80:	Avoid excessively long variable names like incorrectCapthaMsgKey
src/com/bbb/cms/email/EmailAPageFormHandler.java:80:	Parameter 'incorrectCapthaMsgKey' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/email/EmailAPageFormHandler.java:90:	Parameter 'mLocale' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/email/EmailAPageFormHandler.java:99:	Parameter 'pEmailType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/email/EmailAPageFormHandler.java:113:	Parameter 'pSiteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/email/EmailAPageFormHandler.java:122:	Parameter 'pageTitle' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/email/EmailAPageFormHandler.java:127:	Parameter 'pBBBCatalogTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/email/EmailAPageFormHandler.java:136:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pLblTxtTemplateManager
src/com/bbb/cms/email/EmailAPageFormHandler.java:136:	Parameter 'pLblTxtTemplateManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/email/EmailAPageFormHandler.java:167:	The method 'handleSend' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 12.
src/com/bbb/cms/email/EmailAPageFormHandler.java:171:	Avoid excessively long variable names like incorrectCapthaMsg
src/com/bbb/cms/email/EmailAPageFormHandler.java:171:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'incorrectCapthaMsg' (lines '171'-'173').
src/com/bbb/cms/email/EmailAPageFormHandler.java:173:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'incorrectCapthaMsg' (lines '173'-'246').
src/com/bbb/cms/email/EmailAPageFormHandler.java:186:	Local variable 'responseJson' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/email/EmailAPageFormHandler.java:200:	Local variable 'isEmailSuccess' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/email/EmailAPageFormHandler.java:202:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/cms/email/EmailAPageFormHandler.java:209:	Local variable 'placeHolderMap' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/email/EmailAPageFormHandler.java:249:	Parameter 'pRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/email/EmailAPageFormHandler.java:250:	Parameter 'pResponse' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/email/EmailAPageFormHandler.java:250:	Parameter 'pURL' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/email/EmailAPageFormHandler.java:266:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'success' (lines '266'-'275').
src/com/bbb/cms/email/EmailAPageFormHandler.java:268:	Local variable 'sessionBean' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/email/EmailAPageFormHandler.java:269:	Local variable 'captcha' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/email/EmailAPageFormHandler.java:281:	Parameter 'pRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/email/EmailAPageFormHandler.java:282:	Local variable 'emailParams' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/email/EmailAPageFormHandler.java:283:	Local variable 'placeHolderValues' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/email/EmailAPageFormHandler.java:284:	Local variable 'pageTitle' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/email/EmailAPageFormHandler.java:285:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'emailSubject' (lines '285'-'295').
src/com/bbb/cms/email/EmailAPageFormHandler.java:285:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'emailSubject' (lines '285'-'300').
src/com/bbb/cms/email/EmailAPageFormHandler.java:285:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'emailSubject' (lines '285'-'305').
src/com/bbb/cms/email/EmailAPageFormHandler.java:285:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'emailSubject' (lines '285'-'310').
src/com/bbb/cms/email/EmailAPageFormHandler.java:286:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pageTitleText' (lines '286'-'296').
src/com/bbb/cms/email/EmailAPageFormHandler.java:286:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pageTitleText' (lines '286'-'301').
src/com/bbb/cms/email/EmailAPageFormHandler.java:286:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pageTitleText' (lines '286'-'306').
src/com/bbb/cms/email/EmailAPageFormHandler.java:286:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pageTitleText' (lines '286'-'311').
src/com/bbb/cms/email/EmailAPageFormHandler.java:290:	Local variable 'uniqueKeyDate' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/BridalShowManager.java:24:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pPropertyQueryExpression
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/BridalShowManager.java:25:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pConstantQueryExpression
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/BridalShowManager.java:27:	Avoid excessively long variable names like propertyExpression
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/ConfigkeysManager.java:27:	The class 'ConfigkeysManager' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 14).
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/ConfigkeysManager.java:42:	Parameter 'configRepo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/ConfigkeysManager.java:58:	Parameter 'idgen' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/ConfigkeysManager.java:62:	Parameter 'pItem' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/ConfigkeysManager.java:62:	Parameter 'pPropertyName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/ConfigkeysManager.java:71:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'configKeyValue' (lines '71'-'100').
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/ConfigkeysManager.java:71:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'configKeys' (lines '71'-'104').
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/ConfigkeysManager.java:71:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'value' (lines '71'-'121').
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/ConfigkeysManager.java:71:	Parameter 'configType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/ConfigkeysManager.java:71:	Parameter 'key' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/ConfigkeysManager.java:71:	The method 'getAllValuesForKey' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 14.
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/ConfigkeysManager.java:72:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'allValues' (lines '72'-'153').
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/ConfigkeysManager.java:73:	Avoid excessively long variable names like configValueForConfigKeys
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/ConfigkeysManager.java:73:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'configValueForConfigKeys' (lines '73'-'91').
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/ConfigkeysManager.java:73:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'configValueForConfigKeys' (lines '73'-'153').
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/ConfigkeysManager.java:88:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'params' (lines '88'-'89').
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/ConfigkeysManager.java:91:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'configValueForConfigKeys' (lines '91'-'104').
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/ConfigkeysManager.java:91:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'configValueForConfigKeys' (lines '91'-'153').
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/ConfigkeysManager.java:96:	Local variable 'configKeyValues' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/ConfigkeysManager.java:98:	Local variable 'configKeyValue' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/ConfigkeysManager.java:102:	Local variable 'configKeys' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/ConfigkeysManager.java:105:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'keyValue' (lines '105'-'111').
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/ConfigkeysManager.java:105:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'keyValue' (lines '105'-'153').
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/ConfigkeysManager.java:106:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/ConfigkeysManager.java:118:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/ConfigkeysManager.java:120:	Local variable 'value' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/ConfigkeysManager.java:154:	Parameter 'params' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/ConfigkeysManager.java:154:	Parameter 'rqlQuery' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/ConfigkeysManager.java:155:	Parameter 'repository' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/ConfigkeysManager.java:155:	Parameter 'viewName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/ConfigkeysManager.java:156:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'statement' (lines '156'-'161').
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/ConfigkeysManager.java:156:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'statement' (lines '156'-'184').
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/ConfigkeysManager.java:157:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'queryResult' (lines '157'-'166').
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/ConfigkeysManager.java:158:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/ConfigkeysManager.java:159:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/ConfigkeysManager.java:187:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'configKeyValue' (lines '187'-'214').
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/ConfigkeysManager.java:187:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'key' (lines '187'-'222').
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/ConfigkeysManager.java:187:	Parameter 'configType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/ConfigkeysManager.java:190:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'methodName' (lines '190'-'247').
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/ConfigkeysManager.java:190:	Local variable 'methodName' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/ConfigkeysManager.java:192:	Avoid excessively long variable names like configValueForConfigKeys
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/ConfigkeysManager.java:192:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'configValueForConfigKeys' (lines '192'-'247').
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/ConfigkeysManager.java:192:	Local variable 'configValueForConfigKeys' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/ConfigkeysManager.java:202:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'params' (lines '202'-'203').
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/ConfigkeysManager.java:210:	Local variable 'configKeyValues' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/ConfigkeysManager.java:212:	Local variable 'configKeyValue' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/ConfigkeysManager.java:217:	Local variable 'prefix' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/ConfigkeysManager.java:219:	Local variable 'configValueCopy' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/ConfigkeysManager.java:221:	Local variable 'key' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/ConfigkeysManager.java:223:	Local variable 'prefixIndex' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/GuidesTemplateManager.java:36:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GUIDES_CONTENT_TYPE
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/GuidesTemplateManager.java:40:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GUIDES_IMAGE_ALT_TEXT
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/GuidesTemplateManager.java:62:	Parameter 'pGuidesTemplate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/GuidesTemplateManager.java:74:	Parameter 'pContentType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/GuidesTemplateManager.java:74:	Parameter 'pGuidesCategory' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/GuidesTemplateManager.java:77:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'guidesContentList' (lines '77'-'84').
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/GuidesTemplateManager.java:77:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'guidesContentList' (lines '77'-'94').
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/GuidesTemplateManager.java:104:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'item' (lines '104'-'151').
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/GuidesTemplateManager.java:104:	Parameter 'pContentType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/GuidesTemplateManager.java:104:	Parameter 'pGuidesCategory' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/GuidesTemplateManager.java:104:	Parameter 'pSiteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/GuidesTemplateManager.java:108:	Avoid excessively long variable names like propertyGuidesCategory
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/GuidesTemplateManager.java:109:	Avoid excessively long variable names like constantGuidesCategory
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/GuidesTemplateManager.java:110:	Avoid excessively long variable names like propertyContentType
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/GuidesTemplateManager.java:111:	Avoid excessively long variable names like constantContentType
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/GuidesTemplateManager.java:113:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'items' (lines '113'-'147').
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/GuidesTemplateManager.java:115:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'guidesTemplateVO' (lines '115'-'149').
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/GuidesTemplateManager.java:115:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'guidesTemplateVO' (lines '115'-'175').
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/GuidesTemplateManager.java:116:	Local variable 'lstGuidesTemplate' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/GuidesTemplateManager.java:142:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'queries' (lines '142'-'143').
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/GuidesTemplateManager.java:143:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'queries' (lines '143'-'144').
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/GuidesTemplateManager.java:144:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'queries' (lines '144'-'145').
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/GuidesTemplateManager.java:148:	Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/GuidesTemplateManager.java:149:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/GuidesTemplateManager.java:185:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'item' (lines '185'-'212').
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/GuidesTemplateManager.java:185:	Parameter 'pGuideId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/GuidesTemplateManager.java:189:	Avoid excessively long variable names like propertyGuidesCategory
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/GuidesTemplateManager.java:190:	Avoid excessively long variable names like constantGuidesCategory
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/GuidesTemplateManager.java:191:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'items' (lines '191'-'208').
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/GuidesTemplateManager.java:192:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'guidesTemplateVO' (lines '192'-'211').
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/GuidesTemplateManager.java:210:	Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/GuidesTemplateManager.java:211:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/GuidesTemplateManager.java:239:	Avoid excessively long variable names like propertyExpression
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/GuidesTemplateManager.java:252:	Parameter 'contentType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/GuidesTemplateManager.java:252:	Parameter 'guidesCategory' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/GuidesTemplateManager.java:253:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'guidesContentVO' (lines '253'-'277').
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/GuidesTemplateManager.java:255:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'siteId' (lines '255'-'277').
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/GuidesTemplateManager.java:285:	Parameter 'guideId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/GuidesTemplateManager.java:287:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'guidesTemplateVO' (lines '287'-'295').
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/GuidesTemplateManager.java:287:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'guidesTemplateVO' (lines '287'-'307').
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/HomePageTemplateManager.java:26:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.constants.BBBCoreConstants'
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/HomePageTemplateManager.java:26:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.constants.BBBCoreConstants'
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/HomePageTemplateManager.java:37:	The class 'HomePageTemplateManager' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 9 (Highest = 50).
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/HomePageTemplateManager.java:43:	Avoid excessively long variable names like HOMEPAGE_DESCRIPTOR
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/HomePageTemplateManager.java:46:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PROD_TIER_TEMP_LAYOUT1
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/HomePageTemplateManager.java:47:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PROD_TIER_TEMP_LAYOUT2
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/HomePageTemplateManager.java:50:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SECONDARY_PRODUCTS
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/HomePageTemplateManager.java:58:	Avoid excessively long variable names like UNABLE_TO_RETRIEVE_DATA_FROM_REPOSITORY_REPOSITORY_EXCEPTION
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/HomePageTemplateManager.java:59:	Avoid excessively long variable names like RETRIEVED_MORE_DATA_FROM_REPOSITORY
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/HomePageTemplateManager.java:60:	Avoid excessively long variable names like RETRIEVED_NO_DATA_FROM_REPOSITORY
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/HomePageTemplateManager.java:64:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mLandingTemplateManager
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/HomePageTemplateManager.java:77:	Parameter 'pCatalogTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/HomePageTemplateManager.java:90:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pLandingTemplateManager
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/HomePageTemplateManager.java:90:	Parameter 'pLandingTemplateManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/HomePageTemplateManager.java:102:	Parameter 'pHomePageTemplate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/HomePageTemplateManager.java:112:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/HomePageTemplateManager.java:112:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'categoryContainerItem' (lines '112'-'301').
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/HomePageTemplateManager.java:112:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'item' (lines '112'-'165').
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/HomePageTemplateManager.java:112:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'subCategoryItem' (lines '112'-'311').
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/HomePageTemplateManager.java:112:	Parameter 'pSiteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/HomePageTemplateManager.java:112:	The method 'getHomePageData' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 50.
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/HomePageTemplateManager.java:112:	The method getHomePageData() has an NCSS line count of 148
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/HomePageTemplateManager.java:112:	The method getHomePageData() has an NPath complexity of 39321664
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/HomePageTemplateManager.java:115:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'view' (lines '115'-'135').
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/HomePageTemplateManager.java:119:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'items' (lines '119'-'152').
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/HomePageTemplateManager.java:121:	Avoid excessively long variable names like homePageTemplateVO
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/HomePageTemplateManager.java:133:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/HomePageTemplateManager.java:143:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'queries' (lines '143'-'145').
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/HomePageTemplateManager.java:154:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/HomePageTemplateManager.java:158:	Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/HomePageTemplateManager.java:165:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/HomePageTemplateManager.java:183:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/HomePageTemplateManager.java:200:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/HomePageTemplateManager.java:216:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/HomePageTemplateManager.java:225:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/HomePageTemplateManager.java:239:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/HomePageTemplateManager.java:240:	Avoid excessively long variable names like clearanceDealsFlag
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/HomePageTemplateManager.java:258:	Avoid excessively long variable names like promoTierLayOutFirst
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/HomePageTemplateManager.java:259:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/HomePageTemplateManager.java:260:	Avoid excessively long variable names like promoTierLayOutFirstList
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/HomePageTemplateManager.java:270:	Avoid excessively long variable names like promoTierLayOutSecond
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/HomePageTemplateManager.java:271:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/HomePageTemplateManager.java:272:	Avoid excessively long variable names like promoTierLayOutSecondList
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/HomePageTemplateManager.java:281:	Avoid excessively long variable names like promoTierLayOutThird
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/HomePageTemplateManager.java:282:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/HomePageTemplateManager.java:283:	Avoid excessively long variable names like promoTierLayOutThirdList
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/HomePageTemplateManager.java:294:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/HomePageTemplateManager.java:294:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'categoryContainer' (lines '294'-'373').
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/HomePageTemplateManager.java:295:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/HomePageTemplateManager.java:297:	Avoid excessively long variable names like categoryContainerList
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/HomePageTemplateManager.java:297:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/HomePageTemplateManager.java:297:	Local variable 'categoryContainerList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/HomePageTemplateManager.java:298:	Avoid excessively long variable names like categoryContainerItem
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/HomePageTemplateManager.java:298:	Local variable 'categoryContainerItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/HomePageTemplateManager.java:299:	Avoid excessively long variable names like categoryContainerElement
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/HomePageTemplateManager.java:299:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/HomePageTemplateManager.java:299:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'categoryContainerElement' (lines '299'-'299').
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/HomePageTemplateManager.java:299:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'categoryContainerElement' (lines '299'-'373').
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/HomePageTemplateManager.java:299:	Local variable 'categoryContainerElement' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/HomePageTemplateManager.java:301:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/HomePageTemplateManager.java:305:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/HomePageTemplateManager.java:305:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'subCategoriesItem' (lines '305'-'305').
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/HomePageTemplateManager.java:305:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'subCategoriesItem' (lines '305'-'373').
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/HomePageTemplateManager.java:309:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/HomePageTemplateManager.java:309:	Local variable 'subCategoryIds' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/HomePageTemplateManager.java:310:	Local variable 'subCategoryItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/HomePageTemplateManager.java:381:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/HomePageTemplateManager.java:381:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'item' (lines '381'-'413').
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/HomePageTemplateManager.java:381:	Parameter 'pSiteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/HomePageTemplateManager.java:381:	The method 'getHomePageProducts' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 20.
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/HomePageTemplateManager.java:382:	Avoid excessively long variable names like homePageTemplateVO
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/HomePageTemplateManager.java:382:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'homePageTemplateVO' (lines '382'-'484').
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/HomePageTemplateManager.java:382:	Local variable 'homePageTemplateVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/HomePageTemplateManager.java:383:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'methodName' (lines '383'-'484').
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/HomePageTemplateManager.java:385:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/HomePageTemplateManager.java:387:	Local variable 'view' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/HomePageTemplateManager.java:389:	Local variable 'queryBuilder' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/HomePageTemplateManager.java:391:	Local variable 'queryExpSiteId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/HomePageTemplateManager.java:392:	Local variable 'querySiteId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/HomePageTemplateManager.java:395:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'queries' (lines '395'-'397').
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/HomePageTemplateManager.java:398:	Local variable 'queryHomePage' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/HomePageTemplateManager.java:404:	Local variable 'items' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/HomePageTemplateManager.java:406:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/HomePageTemplateManager.java:410:	Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/HomePageTemplateManager.java:413:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/HomePageTemplateManager.java:435:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/HomePageTemplateManager.java:435:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'secondaryProducts' (lines '435'-'435').
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/HomePageTemplateManager.java:435:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'secondaryProducts' (lines '435'-'484').
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/HomePageTemplateManager.java:436:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/HomePageTemplateManager.java:442:	Avoid excessively long variable names like secondaryProductsList
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/HomePageTemplateManager.java:486:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'item' (lines '486'-'497').
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/HomePageTemplateManager.java:486:	Parameter 'pPromoTierLayOut' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/HomePageTemplateManager.java:488:	Avoid excessively long variable names like promoTierLayOutList
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/HomePageTemplateManager.java:488:	Local variable 'promoTierLayOutList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/HomePageTemplateManager.java:494:	Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/HomePageTemplateManager.java:496:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/HomePageTemplateManager.java:496:	Local variable 'promoBoxLayoutVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/HomePageTemplateManager.java:497:	Local variable 'promoTierLayOut1' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/HomePageTemplateManager.java:499:	Local variable 'promoBoxVO1' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/HomePageTemplateManager.java:503:	Local variable 'promoTierLayOut2' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/HomePageTemplateManager.java:504:	Local variable 'promoBoxVO2' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LandingTemplateManager.java:35:	The class 'LandingTemplateManager' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 7 (Highest = 44).
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LandingTemplateManager.java:36:	Avoid excessively long variable names like COLLEGE_PROMO_BOX2
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LandingTemplateManager.java:37:	Avoid excessively long variable names like COLLEGE_PROMO_BOX1
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LandingTemplateManager.java:38:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CATEGORY_PROMO_WIDGET
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LandingTemplateManager.java:39:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CATEGORY_SEO_STATIC_TEXT
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LandingTemplateManager.java:46:	Avoid excessively long variable names like LAND_PROMO_CONTENT
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LandingTemplateManager.java:49:	Avoid excessively long variable names like LAND_REG_CAT_IMAGE
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LandingTemplateManager.java:52:	Avoid excessively long variable names like LAND_KEEP_SAKE_SHOP
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LandingTemplateManager.java:57:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PROD_TIER_TEMP_LAYOUT1
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LandingTemplateManager.java:58:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PROD_TIER_TEMP_LAYOUT2
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LandingTemplateManager.java:59:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PROD_TIER_TEMP_LAYOUT3
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LandingTemplateManager.java:60:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PROMOBOX_IMAGE_URL
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LandingTemplateManager.java:61:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PROMOBOX_IMAGE_ALT_TEXT
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LandingTemplateManager.java:62:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PROMOBOX_IMAGE_MAP_NAME
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LandingTemplateManager.java:63:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PROMOBOX_IMAGE_MAP_CONTENT
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LandingTemplateManager.java:66:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PROMOIMAGE_LINK_LABEL
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LandingTemplateManager.java:67:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PROMOIMAGE_LINK_URL
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LandingTemplateManager.java:75:	Avoid excessively long variable names like TOP_REGISTRY_ITEMS
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LandingTemplateManager.java:82:	Avoid excessively long variable names like MAX_L2_CATEGORY_COUNT
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LandingTemplateManager.java:83:	Avoid excessively long variable names like MAX_L3_CATEGORY_COUNT
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LandingTemplateManager.java:95:	Parameter 'pLandingTemplate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LandingTemplateManager.java:99:	Parameter 'bbbCatalogTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LandingTemplateManager.java:117:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LandingTemplateManager.java:117:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'item' (lines '117'-'177').
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LandingTemplateManager.java:117:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'subCategoryItem' (lines '117'-'351').
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LandingTemplateManager.java:117:	Parameter 'pCategoryId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LandingTemplateManager.java:117:	Parameter 'pPageName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LandingTemplateManager.java:117:	Parameter 'pSiteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LandingTemplateManager.java:117:	The method 'getLandingTemplateData' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 44.
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LandingTemplateManager.java:117:	The method getLandingTemplateData() has an NCSS line count of 155
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LandingTemplateManager.java:117:	The method getLandingTemplateData() has an NPath complexity of 286654528
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LandingTemplateManager.java:118:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'view' (lines '118'-'140').
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LandingTemplateManager.java:123:	Avoid excessively long variable names like queryExpCategoryId
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LandingTemplateManager.java:124:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'items' (lines '124'-'173').
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LandingTemplateManager.java:128:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'landingTemplateVO' (lines '128'-'130').
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LandingTemplateManager.java:151:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'queries' (lines '151'-'152').
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LandingTemplateManager.java:152:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'queries' (lines '152'-'153').
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LandingTemplateManager.java:176:	Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LandingTemplateManager.java:182:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LandingTemplateManager.java:183:	Avoid excessively long variable names like itemCollegePromoTierLayOut1
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LandingTemplateManager.java:183:	Local variable 'itemCollegePromoTierLayOut1' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LandingTemplateManager.java:191:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LandingTemplateManager.java:192:	Avoid excessively long variable names like itemCollegePromoTierLayOut2
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LandingTemplateManager.java:192:	Local variable 'itemCollegePromoTierLayOut2' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LandingTemplateManager.java:200:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LandingTemplateManager.java:201:	Avoid excessively long variable names like itemCategoryPromoWidget
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LandingTemplateManager.java:201:	Local variable 'itemCategoryPromoWidget' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LandingTemplateManager.java:210:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LandingTemplateManager.java:219:	Local variable 'heroImages' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LandingTemplateManager.java:223:	Local variable 'heroImageList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LandingTemplateManager.java:226:	Local variable 'circularListings' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LandingTemplateManager.java:230:	Avoid excessively long variable names like circularListingsList
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LandingTemplateManager.java:230:	Local variable 'circularListingsList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LandingTemplateManager.java:235:	Local variable 'bridalTools' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LandingTemplateManager.java:239:	Local variable 'bridalToolsList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LandingTemplateManager.java:242:	Avoid excessively long variable names like registryCategoryImage
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LandingTemplateManager.java:242:	Local variable 'registryCategoryImage' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LandingTemplateManager.java:243:	Avoid excessively long variable names like registryCategoryList
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LandingTemplateManager.java:243:	Local variable 'registryCategoryList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LandingTemplateManager.java:247:	Avoid excessively long variable names like promoTierLayOutFirst
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LandingTemplateManager.java:247:	Local variable 'promoTierLayOutFirst' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LandingTemplateManager.java:250:	Avoid excessively long variable names like promoTierLayOutFirstList
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LandingTemplateManager.java:250:	Local variable 'promoTierLayOutFirstList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LandingTemplateManager.java:255:	Avoid excessively long variable names like promoTierLayOutSecond
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LandingTemplateManager.java:255:	Local variable 'promoTierLayOutSecond' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LandingTemplateManager.java:256:	Avoid excessively long variable names like promoTierLayOutSecondList
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LandingTemplateManager.java:256:	Local variable 'promoTierLayOutSecondList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LandingTemplateManager.java:259:	Local variable 'keepSakeShop' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LandingTemplateManager.java:260:	Local variable 'keepSakeShopList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LandingTemplateManager.java:264:	Local variable 'brandList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LandingTemplateManager.java:279:	Avoid excessively long variable names like clearanceDealsFlag
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LandingTemplateManager.java:289:	Avoid excessively long variable names like topRegistryItemsFlag
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LandingTemplateManager.java:309:	Avoid excessively long variable names like topCollegeItemsFlag
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LandingTemplateManager.java:334:	Avoid excessively long variable names like categoryContainerItem
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LandingTemplateManager.java:334:	Local variable 'categoryContainerItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LandingTemplateManager.java:335:	Avoid excessively long variable names like subCategoriesItemList
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LandingTemplateManager.java:335:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LandingTemplateManager.java:338:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'id'.
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LandingTemplateManager.java:338:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LandingTemplateManager.java:338:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'id' (lines '338'-'338').
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LandingTemplateManager.java:338:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'id' (lines '338'-'377').
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LandingTemplateManager.java:338:	Local variable 'id' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LandingTemplateManager.java:340:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LandingTemplateManager.java:345:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LandingTemplateManager.java:345:	Local variable 'subCategories' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LandingTemplateManager.java:346:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LandingTemplateManager.java:346:	Local variable 'categoryVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LandingTemplateManager.java:347:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'subCategoryVO' (lines '347'-'350').
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LandingTemplateManager.java:347:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'subCategoryVO' (lines '347'-'377').
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LandingTemplateManager.java:349:	Local variable 'subCategoryItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LandingTemplateManager.java:350:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LandingTemplateManager.java:384:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'itemp' (lines '384'-'393').
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LandingTemplateManager.java:384:	Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LandingTemplateManager.java:386:	Local variable 'brands' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LandingTemplateManager.java:388:	Local variable 'brandList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LandingTemplateManager.java:389:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'brandVO' (lines '389'-'392').
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LandingTemplateManager.java:389:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'brandVO' (lines '389'-'401').
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LandingTemplateManager.java:391:	Local variable 'itemp' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LandingTemplateManager.java:392:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LandingTemplateManager.java:410:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'itemp' (lines '410'-'418').
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LandingTemplateManager.java:410:	Parameter 'pTopRegistry' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LandingTemplateManager.java:410:	Parameter 'siteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LandingTemplateManager.java:410:	The method 'setProduct' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LandingTemplateManager.java:411:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'productVO' (lines '411'-'418').
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LandingTemplateManager.java:411:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'productVO' (lines '411'-'439').
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LandingTemplateManager.java:412:	Local variable 'productList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LandingTemplateManager.java:416:	Local variable 'itemp' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LandingTemplateManager.java:448:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'item' (lines '448'-'459').
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LandingTemplateManager.java:448:	Parameter 'pPromoTierLayOut' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LandingTemplateManager.java:450:	Avoid excessively long variable names like promoTierLayOutList
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LandingTemplateManager.java:450:	Local variable 'promoTierLayOutList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LandingTemplateManager.java:456:	Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LandingTemplateManager.java:458:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LandingTemplateManager.java:458:	Local variable 'promoBoxLayoutVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LandingTemplateManager.java:459:	Local variable 'promoTierLayOut1' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LandingTemplateManager.java:461:	Local variable 'promoBoxVO1' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LandingTemplateManager.java:465:	Local variable 'promoTierLayOut2' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LandingTemplateManager.java:466:	Local variable 'promoBoxVO2' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LandingTemplateManager.java:470:	Local variable 'promoTierLayOut3' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LandingTemplateManager.java:471:	Local variable 'promoBoxVO3' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LandingTemplateManager.java:490:	Parameter 'pPromoBox' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LandingTemplateManager.java:495:	Local variable 'promoBoxVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LandingTemplateManager.java:523:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'item' (lines '523'-'536').
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LandingTemplateManager.java:523:	Parameter 'pPromoImage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LandingTemplateManager.java:525:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'promoImageVO' (lines '525'-'534').
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LandingTemplateManager.java:525:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'promoImageVO' (lines '525'-'551').
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LandingTemplateManager.java:526:	Local variable 'promoImageList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LandingTemplateManager.java:533:	Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LandingTemplateManager.java:534:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LandingTemplateManager.java:562:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'item' (lines '562'-'574').
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LandingTemplateManager.java:562:	Parameter 'pPromoBox' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LandingTemplateManager.java:565:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'promoBoxVO' (lines '565'-'573').
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LandingTemplateManager.java:565:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'promoBoxVO' (lines '565'-'594').
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LandingTemplateManager.java:566:	Local variable 'promoBoxList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LandingTemplateManager.java:572:	Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LandingTemplateManager.java:573:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LandingTemplateManager.java:580:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LandingTemplateManager.java:580:	Avoid variables with short names like sb
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LandingTemplateManager.java:580:	Local variable 'sb' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LandingTemplateManager.java:601:	Local variable 'siteId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LandingTemplateManager.java:610:	Avoid excessively long variable names like propertyExpression
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LblTxtTemplateManager.java:8:	Avoid unused imports such as 'javax.servlet.ServletException'
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LblTxtTemplateManager.java:8:	Avoid unused imports such as 'javax.servlet.ServletException'
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LblTxtTemplateManager.java:25:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.constants.BBBCoreErrorConstants'
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LblTxtTemplateManager.java:25:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.constants.BBBCoreErrorConstants'
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LblTxtTemplateManager.java:38:	The class 'LblTxtTemplateManager' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 6 (Highest = 15).
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LblTxtTemplateManager.java:41:	Avoid excessively long variable names like LABEL_TRANSLATIONS
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LblTxtTemplateManager.java:43:	Avoid excessively long variable names like LABEL_DEFAULT_VALUE
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LblTxtTemplateManager.java:45:	Avoid excessively long variable names like TEXTAREA_DEFAULT_VALUE
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LblTxtTemplateManager.java:59:	Parameter 'pLabelTemplate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LblTxtTemplateManager.java:78:	Parameter 'pKey' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LblTxtTemplateManager.java:78:	Parameter 'pLanguage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LblTxtTemplateManager.java:78:	Parameter 'placeHolderMap' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LblTxtTemplateManager.java:95:	The String literal "unchecked" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 95
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LblTxtTemplateManager.java:96:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'item' (lines '96'-'113').
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LblTxtTemplateManager.java:96:	Parameter 'pKey' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LblTxtTemplateManager.java:96:	Parameter 'pLanguage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LblTxtTemplateManager.java:96:	Parameter 'placeHolderMap' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LblTxtTemplateManager.java:100:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'lblTxtValue' (lines '100'-'116').
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LblTxtTemplateManager.java:100:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'lblTxtValue' (lines '100'-'118').
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LblTxtTemplateManager.java:100:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'lblTxtValue' (lines '100'-'123').
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LblTxtTemplateManager.java:110:	Local variable 'items' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LblTxtTemplateManager.java:111:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LblTxtTemplateManager.java:112:	Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LblTxtTemplateManager.java:115:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LblTxtTemplateManager.java:116:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'lblTxtValue' (lines '116'-'120').
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LblTxtTemplateManager.java:118:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'lblTxtValue' (lines '118'-'120').
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LblTxtTemplateManager.java:148:	Local variable 'iterator' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LblTxtTemplateManager.java:151:	Local variable 'key' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LblTxtTemplateManager.java:152:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'replaceString' (lines '152'-'154').
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LblTxtTemplateManager.java:152:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'replaceString' (lines '152'-'156').
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LblTxtTemplateManager.java:154:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'replaceString' (lines '154'-'152').
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LblTxtTemplateManager.java:154:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'replaceString' (lines '154'-'168').
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LblTxtTemplateManager.java:156:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'replaceString' (lines '156'-'152').
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LblTxtTemplateManager.java:156:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'replaceString' (lines '156'-'168').
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LblTxtTemplateManager.java:180:	Parameter 'pKey' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LblTxtTemplateManager.java:180:	Parameter 'pLanguage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LblTxtTemplateManager.java:180:	Parameter 'pPlaceHolderMap' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LblTxtTemplateManager.java:197:	Parameter 'pKey' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LblTxtTemplateManager.java:197:	Parameter 'pLanguage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LblTxtTemplateManager.java:197:	Parameter 'pPlaceHolderMap' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LblTxtTemplateManager.java:200:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'mlblTxtValue' (lines '200'-'219').
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LblTxtTemplateManager.java:200:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'mlblTxtValue' (lines '200'-'222').
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LblTxtTemplateManager.java:200:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'mlblTxtValue' (lines '200'-'227').
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LblTxtTemplateManager.java:209:	Local variable 'items' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LblTxtTemplateManager.java:211:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LblTxtTemplateManager.java:217:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LblTxtTemplateManager.java:219:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'mlblTxtValue' (lines '219'-'224').
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LblTxtTemplateManager.java:222:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'mlblTxtValue' (lines '222'-'224').
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LblTxtTemplateManager.java:245:	Parameter 'pKey' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LblTxtTemplateManager.java:245:	Parameter 'pLanguage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LblTxtTemplateManager.java:245:	Parameter 'placeHolderMap' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LblTxtTemplateManager.java:261:	Parameter 'pKey' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LblTxtTemplateManager.java:261:	Parameter 'pLanguage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LblTxtTemplateManager.java:261:	Parameter 'placeHolderMap' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LblTxtTemplateManager.java:264:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'mlblTxtValue' (lines '264'-'281').
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LblTxtTemplateManager.java:264:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'mlblTxtValue' (lines '264'-'284').
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LblTxtTemplateManager.java:264:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'mlblTxtValue' (lines '264'-'289').
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LblTxtTemplateManager.java:270:	Local variable 'items' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LblTxtTemplateManager.java:275:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LblTxtTemplateManager.java:279:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LblTxtTemplateManager.java:281:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'mlblTxtValue' (lines '281'-'286').
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LblTxtTemplateManager.java:284:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'mlblTxtValue' (lines '284'-'286').
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LblTxtTemplateManager.java:305:	Parameter 'mKey' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LblTxtTemplateManager.java:305:	The method 'getRepositoryContent' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LblTxtTemplateManager.java:306:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'items' (lines '306'-'327').
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LblTxtTemplateManager.java:312:	Avoid excessively long variable names like transactionManager
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LblTxtTemplateManager.java:312:	Local variable 'transactionManager' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LblTxtTemplateManager.java:313:	Avoid excessively long variable names like transactionDemarcation
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LblTxtTemplateManager.java:313:	Local variable 'transactionDemarcation' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LblTxtTemplateManager.java:317:	Local variable 'channelId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LblTxtTemplateManager.java:319:	Local variable 'view' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LblTxtTemplateManager.java:321:	Local variable 'statement' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LblTxtTemplateManager.java:323:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'params' (lines '323'-'324').
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LblTxtTemplateManager.java:324:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'params' (lines '324'-'325').
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LblTxtTemplateManager.java:364:	Local variable 'repository' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LblTxtTemplateManager.java:365:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LblTxtTemplateManager.java:372:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'item' (lines '372'-'392').
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LblTxtTemplateManager.java:372:	Parameter 'pLanguage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LblTxtTemplateManager.java:372:	The method 'getAllLabels' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 15.
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LblTxtTemplateManager.java:375:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'items' (lines '375'-'388').
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LblTxtTemplateManager.java:376:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'lblTxtValue' (lines '376'-'401').
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LblTxtTemplateManager.java:376:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'lblTxtValue' (lines '376'-'426').
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LblTxtTemplateManager.java:377:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'lblTxtKey' (lines '377'-'394').
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LblTxtTemplateManager.java:377:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'lblTxtKey' (lines '377'-'426').
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LblTxtTemplateManager.java:378:	Local variable 'labels' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LblTxtTemplateManager.java:379:	Local variable 'labelTextArea' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LblTxtTemplateManager.java:380:	Local variable 'errorMsg' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LblTxtTemplateManager.java:381:	Local variable 'labelsVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LblTxtTemplateManager.java:383:	Local variable 'channelId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LblTxtTemplateManager.java:384:	Local variable 'view' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LblTxtTemplateManager.java:385:	Local variable 'statement' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LblTxtTemplateManager.java:386:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'params' (lines '386'-'387').
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LblTxtTemplateManager.java:391:	Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LblTxtTemplateManager.java:394:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'lblTxtKey' (lines '394'-'394').
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LblTxtTemplateManager.java:394:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'lblTxtKey' (lines '394'-'426').
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LblTxtTemplateManager.java:395:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'templateType' (lines '395'-'397').
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LblTxtTemplateManager.java:396:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LblTxtTemplateManager.java:401:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'lblTxtValue' (lines '401'-'401').
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LblTxtTemplateManager.java:401:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'lblTxtValue' (lines '401'-'426').
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LblTxtTemplateManager.java:403:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LblTxtTemplateManager.java:405:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LblTxtTemplateManager.java:406:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LblTxtTemplateManager.java:438:	Parameter 'pKey' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LblTxtTemplateManager.java:438:	Parameter 'pLanguage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LblTxtTemplateManager.java:438:	Parameter 'type' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LblTxtTemplateManager.java:444:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'value' (lines '444'-'447').
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LblTxtTemplateManager.java:444:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'value' (lines '444'-'451').
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LblTxtTemplateManager.java:444:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'value' (lines '444'-'453').
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LblTxtTemplateManager.java:468:	Avoid excessively long variable names like labelKeyLabelTypeMap
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LblTxtTemplateManager.java:468:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'key' (lines '468'-'477').
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LblTxtTemplateManager.java:468:	Parameter 'labelKeyLabelTypeMap' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LblTxtTemplateManager.java:468:	Parameter 'language' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LblTxtTemplateManager.java:471:	Avoid excessively long variable names like labelKeyLabelValMap
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LblTxtTemplateManager.java:471:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'labelKeyLabelValMap' (lines '471'-'490').
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LblTxtTemplateManager.java:471:	Local variable 'labelKeyLabelValMap' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LblTxtTemplateManager.java:472:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LblTxtTemplateManager.java:473:	Local variable 'keySet' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LblTxtTemplateManager.java:474:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'labelType' (lines '474'-'477').
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LblTxtTemplateManager.java:474:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'labelType' (lines '474'-'490').
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LblTxtTemplateManager.java:475:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'labelVal' (lines '475'-'479').
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LblTxtTemplateManager.java:475:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'labelVal' (lines '475'-'490').
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/LblTxtTemplateManager.java:476:	Local variable 'key' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/RegistryTemplateManager.java:33:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REG_HEADER_FEATURED_CONTENT
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/RegistryTemplateManager.java:34:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REG_PAGE_HEADER_COPY
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/RegistryTemplateManager.java:35:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REG_PROMO_IMAGE_URL
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/RegistryTemplateManager.java:36:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REG_PROMO_IMAGE_ALT_TEXT
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/RegistryTemplateManager.java:60:	Parameter 'templateTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/RegistryTemplateManager.java:68:	Parameter 'pRegistryTemplate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/RegistryTemplateManager.java:78:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'item' (lines '78'-'107').
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/RegistryTemplateManager.java:78:	Parameter 'pPageName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/RegistryTemplateManager.java:78:	Parameter 'pSiteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/RegistryTemplateManager.java:80:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'view' (lines '80'-'90').
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/RegistryTemplateManager.java:84:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'items' (lines '84'-'100').
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/RegistryTemplateManager.java:87:	Avoid excessively long variable names like registryTemplateVO
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/RegistryTemplateManager.java:87:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'registryTemplateVO' (lines '87'-'107').
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/RegistryTemplateManager.java:87:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'registryTemplateVO' (lines '87'-'133').
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/RegistryTemplateManager.java:94:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'queries' (lines '94'-'95').
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/RegistryTemplateManager.java:95:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'queries' (lines '95'-'96').
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/RegistryTemplateManager.java:100:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'items' (lines '100'-'102').
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/RegistryTemplateManager.java:102:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/RegistryTemplateManager.java:104:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/RegistryTemplateManager.java:106:	Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/RegistryTemplateManager.java:108:	Local variable 'brandList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/RegistryTemplateManager.java:112:	Local variable 'promoItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/RegistryTemplateManager.java:119:	Local variable 'newStatement' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/RegistryTemplateManager.java:120:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'newparams' (lines '120'-'121').
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/RegistryTemplateManager.java:121:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'newparams' (lines '121'-'122').
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/RegistryTemplateManager.java:122:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'newparams' (lines '122'-'123').
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/RegistryTemplateManager.java:124:	Local variable 'regItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/RegistryTemplateManager.java:132:	Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/RegistryTemplateManager.java:134:	Local variable 'brandList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/RegistryTemplateManager.java:138:	Local variable 'promoItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/RegistryTemplateManager.java:157:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'itemp' (lines '157'-'165').
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/RegistryTemplateManager.java:157:	Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/RegistryTemplateManager.java:158:	Local variable 'brands' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/RegistryTemplateManager.java:160:	Local variable 'brandList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/RegistryTemplateManager.java:161:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'brandVO' (lines '161'-'164').
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/RegistryTemplateManager.java:161:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'brandVO' (lines '161'-'173').
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/RegistryTemplateManager.java:163:	Local variable 'itemp' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/RegistryTemplateManager.java:164:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/RegistryTemplateManager.java:181:	Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/RegistryTemplateManager.java:182:	Avoid excessively long variable names like registryTemplateVO
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/RegistryTemplateManager.java:182:	Local variable 'registryTemplateVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/RegistryTemplateManager.java:203:	Local variable 'siteId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/RegistryTemplateManager.java:208:	Avoid excessively long variable names like propertyExpression
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/RegistryTemplateManager.java:222:	Parameter 'pageName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/RegistryTemplateManager.java:224:	Avoid excessively long variable names like registryTemplateVO
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/RegistryTemplateManager.java:224:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'registryTemplateVO' (lines '224'-'233').
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/RegistryTemplateManager.java:224:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'registryTemplateVO' (lines '224'-'245').
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/StaticTemplateManager.java:32:	Parameter 'pPageName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/StaticTemplateManager.java:32:	Parameter 'pSiteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/StaticTemplateManager.java:35:	Avoid excessively long variable names like staticTemplateData
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/StaticTemplateManager.java:35:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'staticTemplateData' (lines '35'-'43').
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/StaticTemplateManager.java:61:	Parameter 'pageName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/StaticTemplateManager.java:63:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'staticContentVO' (lines '63'-'102').
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/StaticTemplateManager.java:74:	Avoid excessively long variable names like staticTemplateData
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/StaticTemplateManager.java:75:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/StaticTemplateManager.java:83:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/StaticTemplateManager.java:95:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/com/bbb/cms/manager/StaticTemplateManager.java:116:	Parameter 'pCmsTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/tags/ErrorTag.java:51:	Parameter 'siteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/tags/ErrorTag.java:66:	Parameter 'key' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/tags/ErrorTag.java:81:	Parameter 'language' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/tags/ErrorTag.java:97:	Parameter 'errMsg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/tags/ErrorTag.java:107:	Parameter 'mPlaceHolderMap' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/tags/ErrorTag.java:133:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'out' (lines '133'-'137').
src/com/bbb/cms/tags/ErrorTag.java:139:	Local variable 'content' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/tags/LabelTag.java:49:	Parameter 'key' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/tags/LabelTag.java:64:	Parameter 'language' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/tags/LabelTag.java:79:	Parameter 'labelValue' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/tags/LabelTag.java:103:	Parameter 'placeHolderMap' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/tags/LabelTag.java:120:	Local variable 'request' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/tags/LabelTag.java:127:	Local variable 'content' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/tags/TPSwitch.java:30:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CATALOG_TOOLS_PATH
src/com/bbb/cms/tags/TPSwitch.java:45:	Parameter 'pTagName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/tags/TPSwitch.java:70:	Local variable 'request' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/tags/TPSwitch.java:77:	Local variable 'content' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/tags/TPSwitch.java:79:	The String literal "keyValue" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 79
src/com/bbb/cms/tags/TextAreaTag.java:49:	Parameter 'siteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/tags/TextAreaTag.java:64:	Parameter 'key' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/tags/TextAreaTag.java:79:	Parameter 'language' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/tags/TextAreaTag.java:94:	Parameter 'textAreaValue' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/tags/TextAreaTag.java:110:	Parameter 'placeHolderMap' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/tags/TextAreaTag.java:127:	Local variable 'request' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/tags/TextAreaTag.java:135:	Local variable 'content' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/tools/BVFeedUpdater.java:27:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PRODUCT_REVIEWS_URL
src/com/bbb/cms/tools/BVFeedUpdater.java:32:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CATEGORY_EXTERNAL_ID
src/com/bbb/cms/tools/BVFeedUpdater.java:40:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PRODUCT_EXTERNAL_ID
src/com/bbb/cms/tools/BVFeedUpdater.java:44:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'XMLDocument' starts with uppercase character.
src/com/bbb/cms/tools/BVFeedUpdater.java:45:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'StatisticsCount' starts with uppercase character.
src/com/bbb/cms/tools/BVFeedUpdater.java:47:	The String literal "rawtypes" appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 47
src/com/bbb/cms/tools/BVFeedUpdater.java:48:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/com/bbb/cms/tools/BVFeedUpdater.java:48:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/com/bbb/cms/tools/BVFeedUpdater.java:53:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/com/bbb/cms/tools/BVFeedUpdater.java:53:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/com/bbb/cms/tools/BVFeedUpdater.java:58:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/com/bbb/cms/tools/BVFeedUpdater.java:58:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/com/bbb/cms/tools/BVFeedUpdater.java:58:	Parameter 'pProductIdList' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/tools/BVFeedUpdater.java:66:	Parameter 'pMaxRating' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/tools/BVFeedUpdater.java:74:	Parameter 'pFileName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/tools/BVFeedUpdater.java:81:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'rootElement' (lines '81'-'154').
src/com/bbb/cms/tools/BVFeedUpdater.java:81:	Local variable 'rootElement' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/tools/BVFeedUpdater.java:83:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'ProductsReviews' (lines '83'-'154').
src/com/bbb/cms/tools/BVFeedUpdater.java:83:	Local variable 'ProductsReviews' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/tools/BVFeedUpdater.java:83:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'ProductsReviews' starts with uppercase character.
src/com/bbb/cms/tools/BVFeedUpdater.java:84:	Local variable 'ProductAttributes' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/tools/BVFeedUpdater.java:84:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'ProductAttributes' starts with uppercase character.
src/com/bbb/cms/tools/BVFeedUpdater.java:85:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'random' (lines '85'-'154').
src/com/bbb/cms/tools/BVFeedUpdater.java:85:	Local variable 'random' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/tools/BVFeedUpdater.java:87:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'format' (lines '87'-'154').
src/com/bbb/cms/tools/BVFeedUpdater.java:87:	Local variable 'format' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/tools/BVFeedUpdater.java:92:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'maxRating' (lines '92'-'154').
src/com/bbb/cms/tools/BVFeedUpdater.java:92:	Local variable 'maxRating' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/tools/BVFeedUpdater.java:161:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'rootElement' (lines '161'-'168').
src/com/bbb/cms/tools/BVFeedUpdater.java:163:	Local variable 'docFactory' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/tools/BVFeedUpdater.java:164:	Local variable 'docBuilder' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/tools/BVFeedUpdater.java:176:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/com/bbb/cms/tools/BVFeedUpdater.java:182:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/cms/tools/BVFeedUpdater.java:182:	Avoid using implementation types like 'HashMap'; use the interface instead
src/com/bbb/cms/tools/BVFeedUpdater.java:182:	Avoid using implementation types like 'HashMap'; use the interface instead
src/com/bbb/cms/tools/BVFeedUpdater.java:182:	Parameter 'ProductReview' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/tools/BVFeedUpdater.java:182:	Parameter 'rootElement' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/tools/BVFeedUpdater.java:182:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'ProductReview' starts with uppercase character.
src/com/bbb/cms/tools/BVFeedUpdater.java:185:	Local variable 'ProductAttributes' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/tools/BVFeedUpdater.java:185:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'ProductAttributes' starts with uppercase character.
src/com/bbb/cms/tools/BVFeedUpdater.java:187:	Local variable 'product' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/tools/BVFeedUpdater.java:192:	Local variable 'source' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/tools/BVFeedUpdater.java:196:	Local variable 'externalId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/tools/BVFeedUpdater.java:200:	Local variable 'name' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/tools/BVFeedUpdater.java:204:	Local variable 'description' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/tools/BVFeedUpdater.java:208:	Local variable 'brand' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/tools/BVFeedUpdater.java:211:	Local variable 'brandName' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/tools/BVFeedUpdater.java:215:	Local variable 'brandExternalId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/tools/BVFeedUpdater.java:219:	Local variable 'attributes' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/tools/BVFeedUpdater.java:222:	Local variable 'attribute' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/tools/BVFeedUpdater.java:226:	Local variable 'value' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/tools/BVFeedUpdater.java:230:	Local variable 'numReviews' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/tools/BVFeedUpdater.java:234:	Local variable 'categoryItems' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/tools/BVFeedUpdater.java:237:	Local variable 'categoryItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/tools/BVFeedUpdater.java:241:	Avoid excessively long variable names like categoryExternalId
src/com/bbb/cms/tools/BVFeedUpdater.java:241:	Local variable 'categoryExternalId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/tools/BVFeedUpdater.java:245:	Local variable 'categoryId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/tools/BVFeedUpdater.java:249:	Local variable 'categoryName' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/tools/BVFeedUpdater.java:253:	Local variable 'productPageUrl' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/tools/BVFeedUpdater.java:257:	Local variable 'productReviewsUrl' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/tools/BVFeedUpdater.java:261:	Local variable 'imageUrl' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/tools/BVFeedUpdater.java:267:	Avoid excessively long variable names like generalReviewStatistics
src/com/bbb/cms/tools/BVFeedUpdater.java:267:	Local variable 'generalReviewStatistics' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/tools/BVFeedUpdater.java:270:	Avoid excessively long variable names like nativeReviewStatistics
src/com/bbb/cms/tools/BVFeedUpdater.java:270:	Local variable 'nativeReviewStatistics' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/tools/BVFeedUpdater.java:273:	Local variable 'reviewStatistics' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/tools/BVFeedUpdater.java:288:	Avoid excessively long variable names like averageOverallRating
src/com/bbb/cms/tools/BVFeedUpdater.java:288:	Local variable 'averageOverallRating' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/tools/BVFeedUpdater.java:292:	Avoid excessively long variable names like overallRatingRange
src/com/bbb/cms/tools/BVFeedUpdater.java:292:	Local variable 'overallRatingRange' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/tools/BVFeedUpdater.java:296:	Local variable 'totalReviewCount' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/tools/BVFeedUpdater.java:300:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ratingsOnlyReviewCount
src/com/bbb/cms/tools/BVFeedUpdater.java:300:	Local variable 'ratingsOnlyReviewCount' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/tools/BVFeedUpdater.java:304:	Local variable 'recommendedCount' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/tools/BVFeedUpdater.java:308:	Avoid excessively long variable names like averageRatingValues
src/com/bbb/cms/tools/BVFeedUpdater.java:308:	Local variable 'averageRatingValues' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/tools/BVFeedUpdater.java:311:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ratingDistribution
src/com/bbb/cms/tools/BVFeedUpdater.java:311:	Local variable 'ratingDistribution' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/tools/BVFeedUpdater.java:324:	Avoid excessively long variable names like transformerFactory
src/com/bbb/cms/tools/BVFeedUpdater.java:324:	Local variable 'transformerFactory' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/tools/BVFeedUpdater.java:325:	Local variable 'transformer' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/tools/BVFeedUpdater.java:326:	Local variable 'domSource' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/tools/BVFeedUpdater.java:327:	Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/tools/BVFeedUpdater.java:330:	System.out.print is used
src/com/bbb/cms/tools/BVFeedUpdater.java:335:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/com/bbb/cms/tools/BVFeedUpdater.java:341:	Avoid excessively long variable names like RatingDistribution
src/com/bbb/cms/tools/BVFeedUpdater.java:341:	Avoid using implementation types like 'HashMap'; use the interface instead
src/com/bbb/cms/tools/BVFeedUpdater.java:341:	Avoid using implementation types like 'HashMap'; use the interface instead
src/com/bbb/cms/tools/BVFeedUpdater.java:341:	Parameter 'ProductAttributes' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/tools/BVFeedUpdater.java:341:	Parameter 'RatingDistribution' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/tools/BVFeedUpdater.java:341:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'ProductAttributes' starts with uppercase character.
src/com/bbb/cms/tools/BVFeedUpdater.java:341:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'RatingDistribution' starts with uppercase character.
src/com/bbb/cms/tools/BVFeedUpdater.java:343:	Local variable 'RatingValueList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/tools/BVFeedUpdater.java:343:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'RatingValueList' starts with uppercase character.
src/com/bbb/cms/tools/BVFeedUpdater.java:344:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'RatingCountList' (lines '344'-'378').
src/com/bbb/cms/tools/BVFeedUpdater.java:344:	Local variable 'RatingCountList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/tools/BVFeedUpdater.java:344:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'RatingCountList' starts with uppercase character.
src/com/bbb/cms/tools/BVFeedUpdater.java:347:	Local variable 'count' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/tools/BVFeedUpdater.java:356:	Local variable 'count' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/tools/BVFeedUpdater.java:366:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ratingDistributionItem
src/com/bbb/cms/tools/BVFeedUpdater.java:366:	Local variable 'ratingDistributionItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/tools/BVFeedUpdater.java:369:	Local variable 'ratingValue' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/tools/BVFeedUpdater.java:373:	Local variable 'ratingCount' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/tools/CmsTools.java:22:	The class 'CmsTools' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 11).
src/com/bbb/cms/tools/CmsTools.java:24:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mStaticTemplateRepository
src/com/bbb/cms/tools/CmsTools.java:26:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mShippingRepository
src/com/bbb/cms/tools/CmsTools.java:40:	Parameter 'mSiteRepository' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/tools/CmsTools.java:55:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pStaticTemplateRepository
src/com/bbb/cms/tools/CmsTools.java:55:	Parameter 'pStaticTemplateRepository' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/tools/CmsTools.java:68:	Parameter 'pPageName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/tools/CmsTools.java:68:	Parameter 'pSiteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/tools/CmsTools.java:68:	The method 'getStaticTemplateData' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/com/bbb/cms/tools/CmsTools.java:77:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'staticPageDetail' (lines '77'-'103').
src/com/bbb/cms/tools/CmsTools.java:77:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'staticPageDetail' (lines '77'-'125').
src/com/bbb/cms/tools/CmsTools.java:78:	Local variable 'view' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/tools/CmsTools.java:81:	Local variable 'statement' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/tools/CmsTools.java:84:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'params' (lines '84'-'85').
src/com/bbb/cms/tools/CmsTools.java:85:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'params' (lines '85'-'86').
src/com/bbb/cms/tools/CmsTools.java:88:	Avoid excessively long variable names like siteStaticPageItems
src/com/bbb/cms/tools/CmsTools.java:88:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'siteStaticPageItems' (lines '88'-'91').
src/com/bbb/cms/tools/CmsTools.java:91:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'siteStaticPageItems' (lines '91'-'99').
src/com/bbb/cms/tools/CmsTools.java:99:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/com/bbb/cms/tools/CmsTools.java:102:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/cms/tools/CmsTools.java:108:	Local variable 'newStatement' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/tools/CmsTools.java:109:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'newparams' (lines '109'-'110').
src/com/bbb/cms/tools/CmsTools.java:110:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'newparams' (lines '110'-'111').
src/com/bbb/cms/tools/CmsTools.java:111:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'newparams' (lines '111'-'112').
src/com/bbb/cms/tools/CmsTools.java:132:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/com/bbb/cms/tools/CmsTools.java:132:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'siteStaticPageItems' (lines '132'-'140').
src/com/bbb/cms/tools/CmsTools.java:149:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'repositoryItem' (lines '149'-'163').
src/com/bbb/cms/tools/CmsTools.java:149:	Parameter 'siteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/tools/CmsTools.java:154:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'shippingMethods' (lines '154'-'160').
src/com/bbb/cms/tools/CmsTools.java:156:	Local variable 'siteItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/tools/CmsTools.java:159:	Avoid excessively long variable names like applicableShipMethodsSet
src/com/bbb/cms/tools/CmsTools.java:159:	Local variable 'applicableShipMethodsSet' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/tools/CmsTools.java:160:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'shippingMethods' (lines '160'-'163').
src/com/bbb/cms/tools/CmsTools.java:161:	Avoid variables with short names like i
src/com/bbb/cms/tools/CmsTools.java:161:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'i' (lines '161'-'174').
src/com/bbb/cms/tools/CmsTools.java:162:	Local variable 'repositoryItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/tools/CmsTools.java:163:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'shippingMethods' (lines '163'-'163').
src/com/bbb/cms/tools/CmsTools.java:164:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'i' (lines '164'-'174').
src/com/bbb/cms/tools/CmsTools.java:183:	Parameter 'pSiteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/tools/CmsTools.java:187:	The String literal "starting method CmsTools.getAllShippingPriceDetails" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 187
src/com/bbb/cms/tools/CmsTools.java:190:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shippingMethodPrices
src/com/bbb/cms/tools/CmsTools.java:190:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'shippingMethodPrices' (lines '190'-'202').
src/com/bbb/cms/tools/CmsTools.java:192:	Local variable 'view' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/tools/CmsTools.java:199:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'params' (lines '199'-'200').
src/com/bbb/cms/tools/CmsTools.java:212:	Parameter 'pSiteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/tools/CmsTools.java:217:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shippingMethodPrices
src/com/bbb/cms/tools/CmsTools.java:217:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'shippingMethodPrices' (lines '217'-'225').
src/com/bbb/cms/tools/CmsTools.java:219:	Local variable 'view' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/tools/CmsTools.java:221:	Local variable 'statement' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/cms/tools/CmsTools.java:222:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'params' (lines '222'-'223').
src/com/bbb/cms/tools/CmsTools.java:246:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pShippingRepository
src/com/bbb/cms/tools/CmsTools.java:246:	Parameter 'pShippingRepository' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/BBBSearchBrowseConstants.java:8:	Avoid excessively long variable names like LAST_VIEWED_PRODUCT_ID_LIST
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/BBBSearchBrowseConstants.java:9:	Avoid excessively long variable names like LAST_VIEWED_REGISTRY_ID_LIST
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/BBBSearchBrowseConstants.java:12:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PRODUCT_ID_PARAMETER
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/BBBSearchBrowseConstants.java:27:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERROR_INVALID_KEYWORD
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/BBBSearchBrowseConstants.java:28:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERROR_INVALID_KEYWORD_MESSAGE
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/BBBSearchBrowseConstants.java:30:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERROR_IN_INPUT_MESSAGE
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/BBBSearchBrowseConstants.java:31:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERROR_SEARCH_KEYWORD_LESS_THAN_3
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/BBBSearchBrowseConstants.java:32:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERROR_SEARCH_KEYWORD_LESS_THAN_3_MESSAGE
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/BBBSearchBrowseConstants.java:33:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERROR_JSON_SEARCH_PARAM_MISSING
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/BBBSearchBrowseConstants.java:34:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERROR_JSON_SEARCH_PARAM_MISSING_MESSAGE
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/BBBSearchBrowseConstants.java:36:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SYSTEM_ERROR_MESSAGE
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/BBBSearchBrowseConstants.java:37:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERROR_CATALOGID_MISSING
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/BBBSearchBrowseConstants.java:38:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERROR_ROOT_CATEGORYID_MISSING
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/BBBSearchBrowseConstants.java:40:	Avoid excessively long variable names like RQL_EMPTY_PARAMETER
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/BBBSearchBrowseConstants.java:42:	Avoid excessively long variable names like TEMPLATE_ARG_MISSING
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/BBBSearchBrowseConstants.java:43:	Avoid excessively long variable names like TEMPLATE_ARG_MISSING_MESSAGE
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/BBBSearchBrowseConstants.java:44:	Avoid excessively long variable names like TEMPLATE_NOT_EXIST
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/BBBSearchBrowseConstants.java:45:	Avoid excessively long variable names like TEMPLATE_NOT_EXIT_MESSAGE
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/BBBSearchBrowseConstants.java:46:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CHANNEL_PARAM_MISSING
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/BBBSearchBrowseConstants.java:47:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CHANNEL_PARAM_MISSING_MESSAGE
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/BBBSearchBrowseConstants.java:48:	Avoid excessively long variable names like TEMPLATE_VIEW_MISSING
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/BBBSearchBrowseConstants.java:49:	Avoid excessively long variable names like TEMPLATE_VIEW_MISSING_MESSAGE
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/BBBSearchBrowseConstants.java:50:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERROR_TEMPLATE_ARGS
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/BBBSearchBrowseConstants.java:51:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERROR_TEMPLATE_ARGS_MESSAGE
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/BBBSearchBrowseConstants.java:56:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CATEGORY_LANDING_FLAG
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/BBBSearchBrowseConstants.java:57:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PRODUCT_LISTING_FLAG
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/BBBSearchBrowseConstants.java:58:	Avoid excessively long variable names like TYPE_AHEAD_KEYWORD
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/BBBSearchBrowseConstants.java:61:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CATEGORY_LANDING_TEMPLATE
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/BBBSearchBrowseConstants.java:67:	Avoid excessively long variable names like TYPE_AHEAD_RESULTS_VO
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/BBBSearchBrowseConstants.java:70:	Avoid excessively long variable names like TYPE_AHEAD_FACET_LIST_DELIMITER
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/category/ClearanceToutHelper.java:57:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'productList' (lines '57'-'64').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/category/ClearanceToutHelper.java:58:	Local variable 'key' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/category/ClearanceToutHelper.java:60:	Avoid excessively long variable names like listOfClearanceCatItems
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/category/ClearanceToutHelper.java:60:	Local variable 'listOfClearanceCatItems' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/category/ClearanceToutHelper.java:63:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0) with calls to isEmpty()
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/category/LastViewedToutHelper.java:27:	Avoid excessively long variable names like LAST_VIEWED_PRODUCT_ID_LIST
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/category/LastViewedToutHelper.java:31:	Avoid excessively long variable names like maxLastItemsViewed
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/category/LastViewedToutHelper.java:44:	Parameter 'sessionBean' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/category/LastViewedToutHelper.java:58:	Parameter 'catalogTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/category/LastViewedToutHelper.java:74:	Avoid excessively long variable names like maxLastItemsViewed
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/category/LastViewedToutHelper.java:74:	Parameter 'maxLastItemsViewed' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/category/LastViewedToutHelper.java:86:	Parameter 'categoryId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/category/LastViewedToutHelper.java:86:	Parameter 'siteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/category/LastViewedToutHelper.java:87:	Local variable 'methodName' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/category/LastViewedToutHelper.java:91:	Avoid excessively long variable names like lastViewedProductVOList
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/category/LastViewedToutHelper.java:91:	Local variable 'lastViewedProductVOList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/category/LastViewedToutHelper.java:93:	Local variable 'productIdList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/category/LastViewedToutHelper.java:96:	Local variable 'productIdListSize' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/category/LastViewedToutHelper.java:99:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'counter' (lines '99'-'103').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/category/LastViewedToutHelper.java:99:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'counter' (lines '99'-'125').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/category/LastViewedToutHelper.java:101:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'i' (lines '101'-'101').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/category/LastViewedToutHelper.java:101:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'i' (lines '101'-'125').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/category/LastViewedToutHelper.java:104:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'index' (lines '104'-'125').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/category/LastViewedToutHelper.java:110:	Local variable 'productId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/BBBRedirectDroplet.java:22:	Avoid excessively long variable names like RESPONSE_STATUS_CODE
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/BVContentDroplet.java:28:	The class 'BVContentDroplet' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 11).
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/BVContentDroplet.java:58:	Parameter 'contentType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/BVContentDroplet.java:72:	Parameter 'subjectType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/BVContentDroplet.java:86:	Parameter 'staging' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/BVContentDroplet.java:99:	Parameter 'pRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/BVContentDroplet.java:99:	The method 'service' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/BVContentDroplet.java:99:	The method service() has an NPath complexity of 320
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/BVContentDroplet.java:100:	Parameter 'pResponse' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/BVContentDroplet.java:105:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'fullURL' (lines '105'-'110').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/BVContentDroplet.java:105:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'fullURL' (lines '105'-'112').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/BVContentDroplet.java:107:	Local variable 'hostURL' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/BVContentDroplet.java:108:	Local variable 'queryString' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/BVContentDroplet.java:109:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/BVContentDroplet.java:114:	Avoid excessively long variable names like configWithIntegrationCode
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/BVContentDroplet.java:130:	Local variable 'bvContent' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/BVContentDroplet.java:134:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/BVContentDroplet.java:149:	Parameter 'pRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/BVContentDroplet.java:150:	Local variable 'queryParameters' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/BVContentDroplet.java:151:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'queryParam' (lines '151'-'160').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/BVContentDroplet.java:151:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'queryParam' (lines '151'-'170').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/BVContentDroplet.java:152:	Local variable 'queryString' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/BVContentDroplet.java:153:	Local variable 'queryParams' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/BVContentDroplet.java:154:	Local variable 'length' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/BVContentDroplet.java:158:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/BVContentDroplet.java:166:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/BVContentDroplet.java:177:	Parameter 'pRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/BVContentDroplet.java:182:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'hostStr' (lines '182'-'188').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/BVContentDroplet.java:184:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/BVContentDroplet.java:185:	Local variable 'url' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/BVContentDroplet.java:186:	Local variable 'contextPath' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/BrandsDroplet.java:37:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PARAMETER_ALPHABET_BRANDLIST_MAP
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/BrandsDroplet.java:38:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PARAMETER_FEATURED_BRANDS
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/BrandsDroplet.java:56:	Parameter 'searchManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/BrandsDroplet.java:72:	Parameter 'pCatalogTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/BrandsDroplet.java:78:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/BrandsDroplet.java:79:	Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/BrandsDroplet.java:83:	Avoid excessively long variable names like alphabetBrandListMap
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/BrandsDroplet.java:83:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'alphabetBrandListMap' (lines '83'-'84').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/BrandsDroplet.java:89:	Local variable 'featuredBrands' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/BrandsDroplet.java:101:	The String literal "error" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 101
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/BrandsDroplet.java:123:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'methodName' (lines '123'-'168').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/BrandsDroplet.java:123:	Local variable 'methodName' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/BrandsDroplet.java:124:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'listAllBrands' (lines '124'-'126').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/BrandsDroplet.java:130:	Avoid excessively long variable names like alphabetBrandListMap
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/BrandsDroplet.java:130:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'alphabetBrandListMap' (lines '130'-'168').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/BrandsDroplet.java:131:	Avoid excessively long variable names like numericBrandListMap
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/BrandsDroplet.java:131:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'numericBrandListMap' (lines '131'-'168').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/BrandsDroplet.java:144:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/BrandsDroplet.java:156:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/BrandsDroplet.java:176:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'brandVO' (lines '176'-'183').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/BrandsDroplet.java:176:	Parameter 'listAllBrands' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/BrandsDroplet.java:177:	Local variable 'methodName' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/BrandsDroplet.java:179:	Avoid excessively long variable names like listAllActiveBrands
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/BrandsDroplet.java:180:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/BrandsDroplet.java:180:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0) with calls to isEmpty()
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/BrandsDroplet.java:181:	Local variable 'brandVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/BrandsDroplet.java:183:	Local variable 'display_flag' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/BrandsDroplet.java:183:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'display_flag' is not final.
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/BreadcrumbDroplet.java:10:	Avoid unused imports such as 'atg.repository.RepositoryItem'
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/BreadcrumbDroplet.java:10:	Avoid unused imports such as 'atg.repository.RepositoryItem'
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/BreadcrumbDroplet.java:34:	The class 'BreadcrumbDroplet' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 7 (Highest = 16).
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/BreadcrumbDroplet.java:40:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PARAMETER_CATEGORYID
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/BreadcrumbDroplet.java:41:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PARAMETER_PRODUCTID
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/BreadcrumbDroplet.java:44:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PARAMETER_RFXPASSBACK
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/BreadcrumbDroplet.java:62:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'categoryVO' (lines '62'-'113').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/BreadcrumbDroplet.java:62:	The method 'service' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 16.
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/BreadcrumbDroplet.java:62:	The method service() has an NPath complexity of 254
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/BreadcrumbDroplet.java:74:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bts' (lines '74'-'114').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/BreadcrumbDroplet.java:77:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'breadCrumb' (lines '77'-'100').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/BreadcrumbDroplet.java:77:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'breadCrumb' (lines '77'-'104').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/BreadcrumbDroplet.java:77:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'breadCrumb' (lines '77'-'95').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/BreadcrumbDroplet.java:82:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isPrimaryCat' (lines '82'-'96').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/BreadcrumbDroplet.java:83:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'primaryCategory' (lines '83'-'92').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/BreadcrumbDroplet.java:111:	Local variable 'category' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/BreadcrumbDroplet.java:112:	Local variable 'categoryVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/BreadcrumbDroplet.java:121:	Local variable 'breadcrumbKey' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/BreadcrumbDroplet.java:122:	Local variable 'categoryVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/BreadcrumbDroplet.java:174:	Parameter 'catId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/BreadcrumbDroplet.java:174:	Parameter 'prodId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/BreadcrumbDroplet.java:176:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'request' (lines '176'-'202').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/BreadcrumbDroplet.java:176:	Local variable 'request' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/BreadcrumbDroplet.java:177:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'response' (lines '177'-'202').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/BreadcrumbDroplet.java:177:	Local variable 'response' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/BreadcrumbDroplet.java:178:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'breadCrumb' (lines '178'-'186').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/BreadcrumbDroplet.java:178:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'breadCrumb' (lines '178'-'202').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/BreadcrumbDroplet.java:179:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/BreadcrumbDroplet.java:186:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'breadCrumb' (lines '186'-'202').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/BreadcrumbDroplet.java:190:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/BreadcrumbDroplet.java:193:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/BreadcrumbDroplet.java:213:	Parameter 'inputParam' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/BreadcrumbDroplet.java:213:	The method 'getBreadcrumbDetails' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/BreadcrumbDroplet.java:220:	Local variable 'pRequest' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/BreadcrumbDroplet.java:221:	Local variable 'pResponse' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/BreadcrumbDroplet.java:229:	Local variable 'paramsEnum' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/BreadcrumbDroplet.java:231:	Local variable 'paramName' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/BreadcrumbDroplet.java:232:	Local variable 'paramValue' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/BreadcrumbDroplet.java:238:	Local variable 'error' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/BreadcrumbDroplet.java:243:	Local variable 'breadCrumb' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/BreadcrumbDroplet.java:251:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/BreadcrumbDroplet.java:253:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CategoryLandingDroplet.java:42:	The class 'CategoryLandingDroplet' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 5 (Highest = 22).
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CategoryLandingDroplet.java:43:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PARAMETER_SUB_CATEGORY_LIST
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CategoryLandingDroplet.java:44:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PARAMETER_LANDING_TEMPLATEVO
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CategoryLandingDroplet.java:53:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mLandingTemplateManager
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CategoryLandingDroplet.java:59:	Parameter 'pSearchManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CategoryLandingDroplet.java:73:	Parameter 'pCatalogTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CategoryLandingDroplet.java:88:	Avoid excessively long variable names like landingTemplateManager
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CategoryLandingDroplet.java:88:	Parameter 'landingTemplateManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CategoryLandingDroplet.java:95:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CategoryLandingDroplet.java:95:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'subCategory' (lines '95'-'142').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CategoryLandingDroplet.java:95:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CategoryLandingDroplet.java:95:	The method 'service' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 22.
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CategoryLandingDroplet.java:95:	The method service() has an NPath complexity of 2250
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CategoryLandingDroplet.java:96:	Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CategoryLandingDroplet.java:99:	Local variable 'methodName' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CategoryLandingDroplet.java:101:	Local variable 'siteId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CategoryLandingDroplet.java:102:	Local variable 'categoryId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CategoryLandingDroplet.java:104:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'catVar' (lines '104'-'111').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CategoryLandingDroplet.java:106:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'subCatPlpVar' (lines '106'-'118').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CategoryLandingDroplet.java:111:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'catVar' (lines '111'-'226').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CategoryLandingDroplet.java:122:	Avoid excessively long variable names like isFirstLevelCategory
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CategoryLandingDroplet.java:123:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'categoryL1' (lines '123'-'163').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CategoryLandingDroplet.java:123:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'categoryL1' (lines '123'-'226').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CategoryLandingDroplet.java:124:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'categoryL2' (lines '124'-'166').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CategoryLandingDroplet.java:124:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'categoryL2' (lines '124'-'226').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CategoryLandingDroplet.java:125:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'categoryL3' (lines '125'-'177').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CategoryLandingDroplet.java:125:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'categoryL3' (lines '125'-'226').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CategoryLandingDroplet.java:134:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'subCategories' (lines '134'-'136').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CategoryLandingDroplet.java:138:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'boostParameter' (lines '138'-'145').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CategoryLandingDroplet.java:139:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'subCategoriesIds' (lines '139'-'226').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CategoryLandingDroplet.java:139:	Local variable 'subCategoriesIds' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CategoryLandingDroplet.java:141:	Local variable 'subCategory' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CategoryLandingDroplet.java:151:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'isFirstLevelCategory' (lines '151'-'226').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CategoryLandingDroplet.java:153:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CategoryLandingDroplet.java:157:	Local variable 'parentCategoryMap' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CategoryLandingDroplet.java:160:	Local variable 'category' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CategoryLandingDroplet.java:162:	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CategoryLandingDroplet.java:163:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'categoryL1' (lines '163'-'163').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CategoryLandingDroplet.java:165:	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CategoryLandingDroplet.java:166:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'categoryL2' (lines '166'-'166').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CategoryLandingDroplet.java:171:	Local variable 'categoryVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CategoryLandingDroplet.java:193:	Local variable 'categoryVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CategoryLandingDroplet.java:203:	Local variable 'categoryVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CategoryLandingDroplet.java:236:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'key' (lines '236'-'265').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CategoryLandingDroplet.java:236:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'pCatRefVO' (lines '236'-'272').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CategoryLandingDroplet.java:236:	Parameter 'boostParam' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CategoryLandingDroplet.java:236:	The method 'getSubCategories' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 14.
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CategoryLandingDroplet.java:238:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'pCategoryVOList' (lines '238'-'304').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CategoryLandingDroplet.java:238:	Local variable 'pCategoryVOList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CategoryLandingDroplet.java:239:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pCatVO' (lines '239'-'264').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CategoryLandingDroplet.java:239:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'pCatVO' (lines '239'-'304').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CategoryLandingDroplet.java:240:	Local variable 'pSearchQuery' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CategoryLandingDroplet.java:242:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'root' (lines '242'-'244').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CategoryLandingDroplet.java:246:	Local variable 'pCatalogRef' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CategoryLandingDroplet.java:259:	Local variable 'categoryTree' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CategoryLandingDroplet.java:262:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CategoryLandingDroplet.java:263:	Local variable 'key' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CategoryLandingDroplet.java:264:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CategoryLandingDroplet.java:267:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pSubCatVO' (lines '267'-'267').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CategoryLandingDroplet.java:267:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pSubCatVO' (lines '267'-'271').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CategoryLandingDroplet.java:267:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'pSubCatVO' (lines '267'-'304').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CategoryLandingDroplet.java:269:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CategoryLandingDroplet.java:269:	Local variable 'pSubCatVOList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CategoryLandingDroplet.java:270:	Local variable 'pCatRefVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CategoryLandingDroplet.java:271:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CategoryLandingDroplet.java:288:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CategoryLandingDroplet.java:293:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CategoryLandingDroplet.java:297:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CategoryLandingDroplet.java:301:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CollegeSearchDroplet.java:33:	The class 'CollegeSearchDroplet' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 10).
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CollegeSearchDroplet.java:38:	Avoid excessively long variable names like LIST_COLLGE_NAME_PATTERN
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CollegeSearchDroplet.java:40:	Avoid excessively long variable names like COLLEGE_GROUP_LIST
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CollegeSearchDroplet.java:55:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PARAMETER_STATE_ID
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CollegeSearchDroplet.java:73:	Avoid excessively long variable names like alphabetCollegeListMap
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CollegeSearchDroplet.java:73:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'alphabetCollegeListMap' (lines '73'-'91').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CollegeSearchDroplet.java:73:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'alphabetCollegeListMap' (lines '73'-'107').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CollegeSearchDroplet.java:74:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'setCollegeName' (lines '74'-'87').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CollegeSearchDroplet.java:74:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'setCollegeName' (lines '74'-'107').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CollegeSearchDroplet.java:75:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pCatalogId' (lines '75'-'77').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CollegeSearchDroplet.java:80:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'listAllColleges' (lines '80'-'83').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CollegeSearchDroplet.java:84:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CollegeSearchDroplet.java:113:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'collegeGroupList' (lines '113'-'115').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CollegeSearchDroplet.java:132:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'collegeMaxList' (lines '132'-'134').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CollegeSearchDroplet.java:150:	Parameter 'mCollegeMaxCount' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CollegeSearchDroplet.java:158:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'collegePatern' (lines '158'-'165').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CollegeSearchDroplet.java:159:	Avoid excessively long variable names like listCollegeNamePatern
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CollegeSearchDroplet.java:159:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'listCollegeNamePatern' (lines '159'-'162').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CollegeSearchDroplet.java:160:	Local variable 'listPattern' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CollegeSearchDroplet.java:164:	Local variable 'collegePatern' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CollegeSearchDroplet.java:182:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'collegeVO' (lines '182'-'187').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CollegeSearchDroplet.java:182:	Parameter 'listAllColleges' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CollegeSearchDroplet.java:183:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'collegeName' (lines '183'-'187').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CollegeSearchDroplet.java:183:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'collegeName' (lines '183'-'198').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CollegeSearchDroplet.java:184:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'lstGroup' (lines '184'-'198').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CollegeSearchDroplet.java:184:	Local variable 'lstGroup' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CollegeSearchDroplet.java:187:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'collegeName' (lines '187'-'187').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CollegeSearchDroplet.java:187:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'collegeName' (lines '187'-'198').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CollegeSearchDroplet.java:208:	Avoid unused method parameters such as 'collegeVO'.
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CollegeSearchDroplet.java:208:	Parameter 'alphabetGroup' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CollegeSearchDroplet.java:208:	Parameter 'collegeName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CollegeSearchDroplet.java:208:	Parameter 'collegeVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CollegeSearchDroplet.java:208:	Parameter 'setCollegeName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CollegeSearchDroplet.java:210:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'prefix' (lines '210'-'216').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CollegeSearchDroplet.java:210:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'prefix' (lines '210'-'244').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CollegeSearchDroplet.java:211:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'collegeNamePatern' (lines '211'-'218').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CollegeSearchDroplet.java:211:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'collegeNamePatern' (lines '211'-'244').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CollegeSearchDroplet.java:216:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CollegeSearchDroplet.java:216:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'prefix' (lines '216'-'220').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CollegeSearchDroplet.java:216:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'prefix' (lines '216'-'227').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CollegeSearchDroplet.java:221:	Position literals first in String comparisons
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CollegeSearchDroplet.java:232:	Local variable 'start' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CollegeSearchDroplet.java:233:	Local variable 'end' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CollegeSearchDroplet.java:252:	Avoid excessively long variable names like alphabetCollegeListMap
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CollegeSearchDroplet.java:252:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'collegeVO' (lines '252'-'265').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CollegeSearchDroplet.java:252:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'collegeVO' (lines '252'-'279').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CollegeSearchDroplet.java:252:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'collegeVO' (lines '252'-'285').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CollegeSearchDroplet.java:252:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'collegeVO' (lines '252'-'288').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CollegeSearchDroplet.java:252:	Parameter 'alphabetCollegeListMap' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CollegeSearchDroplet.java:252:	Parameter 'listAllColleges' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CollegeSearchDroplet.java:253:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'prefix' (lines '253'-'261').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CollegeSearchDroplet.java:253:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'prefix' (lines '253'-'279').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CollegeSearchDroplet.java:253:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'prefix' (lines '253'-'294').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CollegeSearchDroplet.java:254:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'collegeNamePatern' (lines '254'-'264').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CollegeSearchDroplet.java:254:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'collegeNamePatern' (lines '254'-'294').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CollegeSearchDroplet.java:255:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'prefixFound' (lines '255'-'262').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CollegeSearchDroplet.java:255:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'prefixFound' (lines '255'-'294').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CollegeSearchDroplet.java:256:	Local variable 'collegeVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CollegeSearchDroplet.java:261:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CollegeSearchDroplet.java:261:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'prefix' (lines '261'-'261').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CollegeSearchDroplet.java:261:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'prefix' (lines '261'-'269').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CollegeSearchDroplet.java:261:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'prefix' (lines '261'-'279').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CollegeSearchDroplet.java:262:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'prefixFound' (lines '262'-'262').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CollegeSearchDroplet.java:262:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'prefixFound' (lines '262'-'270').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CollegeSearchDroplet.java:267:	Local variable 'subString' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CollegeSearchDroplet.java:287:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CollegeSearchDroplet.java:303:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'key' (lines '303'-'337').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CollegeSearchDroplet.java:303:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'pVO' (lines '303'-'338').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CollegeSearchDroplet.java:303:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'sVo' (lines '303'-'315').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CollegeSearchDroplet.java:303:	Parameter 'pStateCode' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CollegeSearchDroplet.java:303:	The method 'getCollegeGroups' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CollegeSearchDroplet.java:304:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'csDroplet' (lines '304'-'350').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CollegeSearchDroplet.java:304:	Local variable 'csDroplet' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CollegeSearchDroplet.java:305:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'request' (lines '305'-'350').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CollegeSearchDroplet.java:305:	Local variable 'request' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CollegeSearchDroplet.java:306:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'response' (lines '306'-'350').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CollegeSearchDroplet.java:306:	Local variable 'response' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CollegeSearchDroplet.java:308:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pStateId' (lines '308'-'311').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CollegeSearchDroplet.java:308:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pStateId' (lines '308'-'317').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CollegeSearchDroplet.java:314:	Local variable 'sVo' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CollegeSearchDroplet.java:316:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CollegeSearchDroplet.java:317:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pStateId' (lines '317'-'317').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CollegeSearchDroplet.java:328:	Avoid excessively long variable names like alphabetCollegeListMap
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CollegeSearchDroplet.java:328:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'alphabetCollegeListMap' (lines '328'-'330').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CollegeSearchDroplet.java:332:	An empty statement (semicolon) not part of a loop
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CollegeSearchDroplet.java:332:	Avoid excessively long variable names like alphabetCollegeMap
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CollegeSearchDroplet.java:332:	Local variable 'alphabetCollegeMap' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CollegeSearchDroplet.java:335:	Local variable 'key' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CollegeSearchDroplet.java:336:	An empty statement (semicolon) not part of a loop
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CollegeSearchDroplet.java:336:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CollegeSearchDroplet.java:336:	Local variable 'pMap' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CollegeSearchDroplet.java:337:	Local variable 'pVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CollegeSearchDroplet.java:344:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'clgBucket' (lines '344'-'345').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CollegeSearchDroplet.java:346:	Local variable 'cmVo' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CollegeSearchDroplet.java:355:	Parameter 'pCollegeGroupList' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CollegeSearchDroplet.java:370:	Parameter 'pSearchManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CollegeSearchDroplet.java:377:	A getX() method which returns a boolean should be named isX()
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CollegeSearchDroplet.java:385:	Parameter 'pAlphabetFound' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CollegeSearchDroplet.java:400:	Parameter 'pAlphabetList' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CollegeSearchDroplet.java:415:	Parameter 'pStateId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/CollegeSearchDroplet.java:430:	Parameter 'catalogTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ConfigURLDroplet.java:26:	The class 'ConfigURLDroplet' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 2 (Highest = 13).
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ConfigURLDroplet.java:59:	The method 'service' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 13.
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ConfigURLDroplet.java:74:	The String literal "null" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 74
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ConfigURLDroplet.java:102:	The String literal "error" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 102
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ConfigURLDroplet.java:163:	Parameter 'scene7urlKey' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ExitemIdDroplet.java:19:	The class 'ExitemIdDroplet' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 11 (Highest = 10).
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ExitemIdDroplet.java:24:	Avoid excessively long variable names like LASTVIEWED_PRODUCTS_LIST
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ExitemIdDroplet.java:31:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'productVO' (lines '31'-'52').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ExitemIdDroplet.java:31:	The method 'service' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ExitemIdDroplet.java:37:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'productTempList' (lines '37'-'52').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ExitemIdDroplet.java:37:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'productTempList' (lines '37'-'62').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ExitemIdDroplet.java:39:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'productList' (lines '39'-'67').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ExitemIdDroplet.java:40:	Avoid excessively long variable names like lastviewedProductsList
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ExitemIdDroplet.java:51:	Local variable 'productVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ExitemIdDroplet.java:57:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0) with calls to isEmpty()
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ExitemIdDroplet.java:58:	Avoid variables with short names like it
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/GiftCardListDroplet.java:32:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mSiteContextManager
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/GiftCardListDroplet.java:47:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pSiteContextManager
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/GiftCardListDroplet.java:47:	Parameter 'pSiteContextManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/GiftCardListDroplet.java:62:	Parameter 'pCatalogTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/GiftCardListDroplet.java:84:	Local variable 'productVOList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/MobileCategoryOrderDroplet.java:54:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'categoryHierarchy' (lines '54'-'63').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProdToutDroplet.java:21:	Avoid duplicate imports such as 'com.bbb.exception.BBBBusinessException'
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProdToutDroplet.java:22:	Avoid duplicate imports such as 'com.bbb.exception.BBBSystemException'
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProdToutDroplet.java:25:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.search.bean.result.BBBProduct'
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProdToutDroplet.java:25:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.search.bean.result.BBBProduct'
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProdToutDroplet.java:40:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PARAMETER_PRODUCT_LIST_MAP
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProdToutDroplet.java:41:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PARAMETER_LAST_VIEWED_PRODUCT_LIST
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProdToutDroplet.java:44:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PARAMETER_CATEGORY_ID
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProdToutDroplet.java:60:	Parameter 'toutHelperMap' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProdToutDroplet.java:75:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProdToutDroplet.java:76:	Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProdToutDroplet.java:81:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'linkString' (lines '81'-'112').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProdToutDroplet.java:81:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'linkString' (lines '81'-'124').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProdToutDroplet.java:87:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'categoryId' (lines '87'-'124').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProdToutDroplet.java:87:	Local variable 'categoryId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProdToutDroplet.java:112:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProdToutDroplet.java:125:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'productId' (lines '125'-'130').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProdToutDroplet.java:129:	Local variable 'productId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductDetailDroplet.java:12:	A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductDetailDroplet.java:40:	Avoid duplicate imports such as 'com.bbb.common.BBBDynamoServlet'
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductDetailDroplet.java:55:	The class 'ProductDetailDroplet' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 10 (Highest = 48).
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductDetailDroplet.java:73:	Avoid excessively long variable names like FIRSTATTRIBUTSVOLIST
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductDetailDroplet.java:77:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PRODUCT_ID_PARAMETER
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductDetailDroplet.java:85:	Avoid excessively long variable names like RKGCOLLECTION_PROD_IDS
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductDetailDroplet.java:119:	Parameter 'providerID' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductDetailDroplet.java:134:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductDetailDroplet.java:134:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'items' (lines '134'-'373').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductDetailDroplet.java:134:	The method 'service' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 48.
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductDetailDroplet.java:134:	The method service() has an NCSS line count of 156
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductDetailDroplet.java:134:	The method service() has an NPath complexity of 513676806
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductDetailDroplet.java:141:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'productVO' (lines '141'-'185').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductDetailDroplet.java:142:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pSKUDetailVO' (lines '142'-'227').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductDetailDroplet.java:143:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pSiteId' (lines '143'-'177').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductDetailDroplet.java:145:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pDefaultChildSku' (lines '145'-'210').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductDetailDroplet.java:146:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pProductId' (lines '146'-'166').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductDetailDroplet.java:147:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pSKUId' (lines '147'-'171').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductDetailDroplet.java:148:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'registryId' (lines '148'-'172').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductDetailDroplet.java:149:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pFirstAttributsVOList
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductDetailDroplet.java:149:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pFirstAttributsVOList' (lines '149'-'253').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductDetailDroplet.java:150:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'productTabs' (lines '150'-'264').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductDetailDroplet.java:151:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'media' (lines '151'-'186').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductDetailDroplet.java:152:	Avoid excessively long variable names like collectionProductVO
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductDetailDroplet.java:152:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'collectionProductVO' (lines '152'-'267').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductDetailDroplet.java:154:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'inStock' (lines '154'-'230').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductDetailDroplet.java:155:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'liveClicker' (lines '155'-'339').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductDetailDroplet.java:155:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'liveClicker' (lines '155'-'342').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductDetailDroplet.java:158:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'isLeadProduct'.
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductDetailDroplet.java:158:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'isLeadProduct' (lines '158'-'399').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductDetailDroplet.java:158:	Local variable 'isLeadProduct' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductDetailDroplet.java:182:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductDetailDroplet.java:194:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductDetailDroplet.java:199:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductDetailDroplet.java:218:	Avoid excessively long variable names like calculateAboveBelowLine
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductDetailDroplet.java:218:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'calculateAboveBelowLine' (lines '218'-'221').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductDetailDroplet.java:220:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductDetailDroplet.java:230:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'inStock' (lines '230'-'233').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductDetailDroplet.java:257:	The String literal "NONE" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 257
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductDetailDroplet.java:257:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductDetailDroplet.java:258:	Local variable 'rollUp' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductDetailDroplet.java:267:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'collectionProductVO' (lines '267'-'282').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductDetailDroplet.java:291:	Local variable 'lstProduct' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductDetailDroplet.java:315:	Local variable 'size' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductDetailDroplet.java:318:	Local variable 'i' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductDetailDroplet.java:319:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductDetailDroplet.java:322:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'count' (lines '322'-'399').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductDetailDroplet.java:342:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'liveClicker' (lines '342'-'339').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductDetailDroplet.java:342:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'liveClicker' (lines '342'-'342').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductDetailDroplet.java:372:	Local variable 'items' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductDetailDroplet.java:411:	Parameter 'color' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductDetailDroplet.java:411:	Parameter 'isCollectionFlag' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductDetailDroplet.java:411:	Parameter 'productVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductDetailDroplet.java:411:	The method 'getColorSwatchDetail' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 13.
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductDetailDroplet.java:411:	The method getColorSwatchDetail() has an NPath complexity of 240
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductDetailDroplet.java:413:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'rollUpList' (lines '413'-'417').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductDetailDroplet.java:415:	Local variable 'secondRollUpType' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductDetailDroplet.java:420:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'rollUpList' (lines '420'-'455').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductDetailDroplet.java:423:	Local variable 'rollupAttributes' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductDetailDroplet.java:424:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'lstRollupType' (lines '424'-'455').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductDetailDroplet.java:424:	Local variable 'lstRollupType' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductDetailDroplet.java:426:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductDetailDroplet.java:431:	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductDetailDroplet.java:432:	Local variable 'itRollupLst' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductDetailDroplet.java:434:	Local variable 'rollupTypeVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductDetailDroplet.java:443:	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductDetailDroplet.java:444:	Local variable 'itRollupLst' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductDetailDroplet.java:446:	Local variable 'rollupTypeVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductDetailDroplet.java:467:	Avoid excessively long variable names like collectionProductVO
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductDetailDroplet.java:467:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductDetailDroplet.java:467:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'rollUpVO' (lines '467'-'517').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductDetailDroplet.java:467:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'rollupKey' (lines '467'-'511').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductDetailDroplet.java:467:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'rollupString' (lines '467'-'497').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductDetailDroplet.java:467:	Parameter 'collectionProductVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductDetailDroplet.java:467:	Parameter 'siteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductDetailDroplet.java:467:	The method 'createChildProducts' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 25.
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductDetailDroplet.java:469:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'collection' (lines '469'-'472').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductDetailDroplet.java:471:	Avoid excessively long variable names like collectionChildProduct
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductDetailDroplet.java:471:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'collectionChildProduct' (lines '471'-'515').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductDetailDroplet.java:479:	Local variable 'productRollUp' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductDetailDroplet.java:480:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductDetailDroplet.java:480:	Local variable 'populateRollUp' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductDetailDroplet.java:481:	Local variable 'prdRelationRollup' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductDetailDroplet.java:494:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductDetailDroplet.java:496:	Local variable 'rollupString' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductDetailDroplet.java:507:	Local variable 'rollUpKeys' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductDetailDroplet.java:510:	Local variable 'rollupKey' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductDetailDroplet.java:511:	Local variable 'rollupList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductDetailDroplet.java:514:	Local variable 'rollUpVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductDetailDroplet.java:515:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductDetailDroplet.java:516:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductDetailDroplet.java:516:	Local variable 'name' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductDetailDroplet.java:517:	Avoid concatenating nonliterals in a StringBuffer/StringBuilder constructor or append().
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductDetailDroplet.java:517:	The String literal " - " appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 517
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductDetailDroplet.java:518:	Local variable 'concatName' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductDetailDroplet.java:520:	Local variable 'rollUpValues' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductDetailDroplet.java:592:	Avoid excessively long variable names like collectionChildProduct
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductDetailDroplet.java:592:	Parameter 'collectionChildProduct' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductDetailDroplet.java:592:	Parameter 'product' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductDetailDroplet.java:593:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductDetailDroplet.java:593:	Parameter 'populateRollUp' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductDetailDroplet.java:621:	Avoid excessively long variable names like collectionProductVO
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductDetailDroplet.java:621:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'rollUpTypeVO' (lines '621'-'678').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductDetailDroplet.java:621:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'rollUpVO' (lines '621'-'645').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductDetailDroplet.java:621:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'rollUpVO' (lines '621'-'670').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductDetailDroplet.java:621:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'rollupKey' (lines '621'-'639').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductDetailDroplet.java:621:	Parameter 'collectionProductVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductDetailDroplet.java:621:	Parameter 'siteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductDetailDroplet.java:621:	The method 'createChildProductsSkuLevel' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 17.
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductDetailDroplet.java:623:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'collection' (lines '623'-'628').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductDetailDroplet.java:623:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'collection' (lines '623'-'712').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductDetailDroplet.java:625:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductDetailDroplet.java:627:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'populateRollUp' (lines '627'-'712').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductDetailDroplet.java:627:	Local variable 'populateRollUp' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductDetailDroplet.java:629:	Avoid excessively long variable names like collectionChildProduct
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductDetailDroplet.java:629:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'collectionChildProduct' (lines '629'-'641').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductDetailDroplet.java:629:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'collectionChildProduct' (lines '629'-'677').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductDetailDroplet.java:629:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'collectionChildProduct' (lines '629'-'712').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductDetailDroplet.java:630:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'concatName' (lines '630'-'646').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductDetailDroplet.java:630:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'concatName' (lines '630'-'684').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductDetailDroplet.java:630:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'concatName' (lines '630'-'712').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductDetailDroplet.java:635:	Local variable 'productRollUp' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductDetailDroplet.java:637:	Local variable 'rollUpKeys' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductDetailDroplet.java:638:	Local variable 'rollupKey' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductDetailDroplet.java:639:	Local variable 'rollupList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductDetailDroplet.java:640:	Local variable 'rollUpVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductDetailDroplet.java:641:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductDetailDroplet.java:642:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductDetailDroplet.java:642:	Local variable 'skuIdList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductDetailDroplet.java:643:	Avoid excessively long variable names like rollUpTypeValueMap
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductDetailDroplet.java:643:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductDetailDroplet.java:643:	Local variable 'rollUpTypeValueMap' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductDetailDroplet.java:644:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductDetailDroplet.java:644:	Local variable 'name' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductDetailDroplet.java:645:	Avoid concatenating nonliterals in a StringBuffer/StringBuilder constructor or append().
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductDetailDroplet.java:662:	Local variable 'rollUpKeys' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductDetailDroplet.java:663:	Local variable 'rollUpIterator' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductDetailDroplet.java:665:	Local variable 'rollupKey' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductDetailDroplet.java:666:	Local variable 'rollupList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductDetailDroplet.java:667:	Local variable 'rollUpVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductDetailDroplet.java:669:	Avoid excessively long variable names like rollUpTypeValueMap
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductDetailDroplet.java:669:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductDetailDroplet.java:669:	Local variable 'rollUpTypeValueMap' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductDetailDroplet.java:670:	Local variable 'rollUp' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductDetailDroplet.java:674:	Local variable 'rollUpValues' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductDetailDroplet.java:675:	Local variable 'rollUpTypeVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductDetailDroplet.java:676:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductDetailDroplet.java:676:	Local variable 'skuIdList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductDetailDroplet.java:677:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductDetailDroplet.java:679:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductDetailDroplet.java:679:	Local variable 'name' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductRedirectDroplet.java:39:	The class 'ProductRedirectDroplet' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 15).
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductRedirectDroplet.java:44:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'inventoryManager'.
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductRedirectDroplet.java:45:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'providerID'.
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductRedirectDroplet.java:48:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PRODUCT_ID_PARAMETER
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductRedirectDroplet.java:77:	Parameter 'bbbCatalogTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductRedirectDroplet.java:81:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'productRepItem' (lines '81'-'122').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductRedirectDroplet.java:81:	The method 'service' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 15.
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductRedirectDroplet.java:86:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'pSiteId' (lines '86'-'161').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductRedirectDroplet.java:86:	Local variable 'pSiteId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductRedirectDroplet.java:87:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'pProductId' (lines '87'-'161').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductRedirectDroplet.java:87:	Local variable 'pProductId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductRedirectDroplet.java:88:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pSKUId' (lines '88'-'95').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductRedirectDroplet.java:89:	Avoid excessively long variable names like productRepositoryItem
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductRedirectDroplet.java:89:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'productRepositoryItem' (lines '89'-'107').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductRedirectDroplet.java:89:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'productRepositoryItem' (lines '89'-'123').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductRedirectDroplet.java:89:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'productRepositoryItem' (lines '89'-'130').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductRedirectDroplet.java:89:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'productRepositoryItem' (lines '89'-'161').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductRedirectDroplet.java:96:	Avoid excessively long variable names like activeParentProduct
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductRedirectDroplet.java:96:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'activeParentProduct' (lines '96'-'124').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductRedirectDroplet.java:96:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'activeParentProduct' (lines '96'-'161').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductRedirectDroplet.java:105:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'parentProduct' (lines '105'-'118').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductRedirectDroplet.java:105:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'parentProduct' (lines '105'-'161').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductRedirectDroplet.java:117:	Local variable 'isStoreSku' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductRedirectDroplet.java:118:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'parentProduct' (lines '118'-'161').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductRedirectDroplet.java:120:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductRedirectDroplet.java:121:	Local variable 'productRepItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductRedirectDroplet.java:122:	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductRedirectDroplet.java:123:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'productRepositoryItem' (lines '123'-'130').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductRedirectDroplet.java:128:	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductRedirectDroplet.java:129:	Avoid excessively long variable names like parentProductIterator
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductRedirectDroplet.java:129:	Local variable 'parentProductIterator' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductViewedDroplet.java:39:	Parameter 'limitNoOfLV' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductViewedDroplet.java:50:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductViewedDroplet.java:51:	Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductViewedDroplet.java:54:	Local variable 'productId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductViewedDroplet.java:55:	Local variable 'methodName' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductViewedDroplet.java:61:	Avoid excessively long variable names like lastViewedItemsListInSession
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductViewedDroplet.java:61:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'lastViewedItemsListInSession' (lines '61'-'100').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductViewedDroplet.java:61:	Local variable 'lastViewedItemsListInSession' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductViewedDroplet.java:67:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductViewedDroplet.java:76:	Local variable 'listSize' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductViewedDroplet.java:77:	Avoid excessively long variable names like indexOfLVPrdtInLimit
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductViewedDroplet.java:77:	Local variable 'indexOfLVPrdtInLimit' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductViewedDroplet.java:79:	Local variable 'debug' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/ProductViewedDroplet.java:93:	Avoid excessively long variable names like lastViewedItemsList
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/RollUpListDroplet.java:7:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.HashMap'
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/RollUpListDroplet.java:7:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.HashMap'
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/RollUpListDroplet.java:10:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.Map'
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/RollUpListDroplet.java:10:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.Map'
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/RollUpListDroplet.java:34:	The class 'RollUpListDroplet' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 7 (Highest = 18).
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/RollUpListDroplet.java:64:	Parameter 'productManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/RollUpListDroplet.java:79:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/RollUpListDroplet.java:79:	Parameter 'pRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/RollUpListDroplet.java:79:	The method 'service' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 18.
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/RollUpListDroplet.java:79:	The method service() has an NPath complexity of 962
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/RollUpListDroplet.java:80:	Parameter 'pResponse' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/RollUpListDroplet.java:87:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'rollUpList' (lines '87'-'152').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/RollUpListDroplet.java:88:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'firstRollUpValue' (lines '88'-'104').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/RollUpListDroplet.java:89:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'firstRollUpType' (lines '89'-'107').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/RollUpListDroplet.java:90:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'secondRollUpType' (lines '90'-'145').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/RollUpListDroplet.java:90:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'secondRollUpType' (lines '90'-'147').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/RollUpListDroplet.java:91:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'sizeJsonObject' (lines '91'-'160').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/RollUpListDroplet.java:91:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'sizeJsonObject' (lines '91'-'163').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/RollUpListDroplet.java:91:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'sizeJsonObject' (lines '91'-'165').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/RollUpListDroplet.java:91:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'sizeJsonObject' (lines '91'-'189').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/RollUpListDroplet.java:92:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'productVO' (lines '92'-'133').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/RollUpListDroplet.java:93:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'rollupType' (lines '93'-'140').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/RollUpListDroplet.java:93:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'rollupType' (lines '93'-'189').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/RollUpListDroplet.java:104:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'firstRollUpValue' (lines '104'-'189').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/RollUpListDroplet.java:136:	Local variable 'keys' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/RollUpListDroplet.java:138:	Local variable 'iter' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/RollUpListDroplet.java:140:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'rollupType' (lines '140'-'140').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/RollUpListDroplet.java:156:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/SKUDetailDroplet.java:54:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'FullDetails' is not all capitals.
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/SKUDetailDroplet.java:81:	Parameter 'minimal' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/SKUDetailDroplet.java:88:	Parameter 'bbbCatalogTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/SKUDetailDroplet.java:109:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pSKUDetailVO' (lines '109'-'143').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/SKUDetailDroplet.java:109:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pSKUDetailVO' (lines '109'-'145').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/SKUDetailDroplet.java:109:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'pSKUDetailVO' (lines '109'-'164').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/SKUDetailDroplet.java:110:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pSiteId' (lines '110'-'134').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/SKUDetailDroplet.java:111:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pSKUId' (lines '111'-'118').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/SKUDetailDroplet.java:112:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'fullDetails' (lines '112'-'120').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/SKUDetailDroplet.java:122:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'xMinimal' (lines '122'-'125').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/SKUDetailDroplet.java:122:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'xMinimal' (lines '122'-'164').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/SKUDetailDroplet.java:125:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'xMinimal' (lines '125'-'164').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/SKUDetailDroplet.java:139:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/SKUDetailDroplet.java:142:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/SKURollUpListDroplet.java:21:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.utils.BBBUtility'
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/SKURollUpListDroplet.java:21:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.utils.BBBUtility'
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/SKURollUpListDroplet.java:32:	The class 'SKURollUpListDroplet' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 7 (Highest = 32).
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/SKURollUpListDroplet.java:61:	Parameter 'productManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/SKURollUpListDroplet.java:69:	Parameter 'inventoryManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/SKURollUpListDroplet.java:84:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/SKURollUpListDroplet.java:84:	Parameter 'pRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/SKURollUpListDroplet.java:84:	The method 'service' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 32.
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/SKURollUpListDroplet.java:84:	The method service() has an NPath complexity of 2054
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/SKURollUpListDroplet.java:85:	Parameter 'pResponse' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/SKURollUpListDroplet.java:90:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pSiteId' (lines '90'-'164').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/SKURollUpListDroplet.java:91:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pProductId' (lines '91'-'111').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/SKURollUpListDroplet.java:92:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pSKUDetailVO' (lines '92'-'180').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/SKURollUpListDroplet.java:92:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'pSKUDetailVO' (lines '92'-'220').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/SKURollUpListDroplet.java:93:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'skuId' (lines '93'-'179').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/SKURollUpListDroplet.java:94:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'firstRollUpValue' (lines '94'-'128').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/SKURollUpListDroplet.java:94:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'firstRollUpValue' (lines '94'-'135').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/SKURollUpListDroplet.java:94:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'firstRollUpValue' (lines '94'-'141').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/SKURollUpListDroplet.java:94:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'firstRollUpValue' (lines '94'-'147').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/SKURollUpListDroplet.java:94:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'firstRollUpValue' (lines '94'-'152').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/SKURollUpListDroplet.java:95:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'firstRollUpType' (lines '95'-'127').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/SKURollUpListDroplet.java:95:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'firstRollUpType' (lines '95'-'134').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/SKURollUpListDroplet.java:95:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'firstRollUpType' (lines '95'-'140').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/SKURollUpListDroplet.java:95:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'firstRollUpType' (lines '95'-'146').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/SKURollUpListDroplet.java:95:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'firstRollUpType' (lines '95'-'151').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/SKURollUpListDroplet.java:96:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'secondRollUpType' (lines '96'-'129').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/SKURollUpListDroplet.java:96:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'secondRollUpType' (lines '96'-'136').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/SKURollUpListDroplet.java:96:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'secondRollUpType' (lines '96'-'142').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/SKURollUpListDroplet.java:96:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'secondRollUpType' (lines '96'-'148').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/SKURollUpListDroplet.java:96:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'secondRollUpType' (lines '96'-'153').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/SKURollUpListDroplet.java:97:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'secondRollUpValue' (lines '97'-'130').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/SKURollUpListDroplet.java:97:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'secondRollUpValue' (lines '97'-'137').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/SKURollUpListDroplet.java:97:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'secondRollUpValue' (lines '97'-'143').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/SKURollUpListDroplet.java:97:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'secondRollUpValue' (lines '97'-'149').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/SKURollUpListDroplet.java:97:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'secondRollUpValue' (lines '97'-'154').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/SKURollUpListDroplet.java:98:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'registryId' (lines '98'-'123').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/SKURollUpListDroplet.java:99:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'prodColor' (lines '99'-'114').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/SKURollUpListDroplet.java:100:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'prodSize' (lines '100'-'117').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/SKURollUpListDroplet.java:101:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'prodFinish' (lines '101'-'120').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/SKURollUpListDroplet.java:102:	Avoid excessively long variable names like rollUpTypeValueMap
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/SKURollUpListDroplet.java:102:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'rollUpTypeValueMap' (lines '102'-'220').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/SKURollUpListDroplet.java:102:	Local variable 'rollUpTypeValueMap' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/SKURollUpListDroplet.java:104:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'inStock' (lines '104'-'189').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/SKURollUpListDroplet.java:104:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'inStock' (lines '104'-'220').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/SKURollUpListDroplet.java:123:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'registryId' (lines '123'-'220').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/SKURollUpListDroplet.java:125:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/SKURollUpListDroplet.java:125:	The String literal "null" appears 7 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 125
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/SKURollUpListDroplet.java:129:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'secondRollUpType' (lines '129'-'220').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/SKURollUpListDroplet.java:130:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'secondRollUpValue' (lines '130'-'220').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/SKURollUpListDroplet.java:132:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/SKURollUpListDroplet.java:136:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'secondRollUpType' (lines '136'-'220').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/SKURollUpListDroplet.java:137:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'secondRollUpValue' (lines '137'-'220').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/SKURollUpListDroplet.java:139:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/SKURollUpListDroplet.java:142:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/SKURollUpListDroplet.java:142:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'secondRollUpType' (lines '142'-'220').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/SKURollUpListDroplet.java:143:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/SKURollUpListDroplet.java:143:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'secondRollUpValue' (lines '143'-'220').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/SKURollUpListDroplet.java:145:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/SKURollUpListDroplet.java:148:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/SKURollUpListDroplet.java:148:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'secondRollUpType' (lines '148'-'220').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/SKURollUpListDroplet.java:149:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/SKURollUpListDroplet.java:149:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'secondRollUpValue' (lines '149'-'220').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/SKURollUpListDroplet.java:153:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/SKURollUpListDroplet.java:153:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'secondRollUpType' (lines '153'-'220').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/SKURollUpListDroplet.java:154:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/SKURollUpListDroplet.java:154:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'secondRollUpValue' (lines '154'-'220').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/SKURollUpListDroplet.java:180:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'pSKUDetailVO' (lines '180'-'220').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/SKURollUpListDroplet.java:182:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/SKURollUpListDroplet.java:189:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'inStock' (lines '189'-'220').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/SKURollUpListDroplet.java:194:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/StatesSearchDroplet.java:33:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'listAllStates' (lines '33'-'35').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/droplet/StatesSearchDroplet.java:55:	Parameter 'pSearchManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/manager/ActivateCouponManager.java:4:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.List'
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/manager/ActivateCouponManager.java:4:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.List'
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/manager/ActivateCouponManager.java:5:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.Map'
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/manager/ActivateCouponManager.java:5:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.Map'
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/manager/ActivateCouponManager.java:9:	Avoid unused imports such as 'atg.servlet.DynamoHttpServletRequest'
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/manager/ActivateCouponManager.java:9:	Avoid unused imports such as 'atg.servlet.DynamoHttpServletRequest'
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/manager/ActivateCouponManager.java:10:	Avoid unused imports such as 'atg.servlet.DynamoHttpServletResponse'
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/manager/ActivateCouponManager.java:10:	Avoid unused imports such as 'atg.servlet.DynamoHttpServletResponse'
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/manager/ActivateCouponManager.java:15:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.constants.BBBCoreConstants'
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/manager/ActivateCouponManager.java:15:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.constants.BBBCoreConstants'
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/manager/ActivateCouponManager.java:33:	Parameter 'reqVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/manager/ActivateCouponManager.java:36:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'resVO' (lines '36'-'41').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/manager/ActivateCouponManager.java:51:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'resStatus'.
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/manager/ActivateCouponManager.java:51:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'resStatus' (lines '51'-'57').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/manager/ActivateCouponManager.java:51:	Local variable 'resStatus' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/manager/ActivateCouponManager.java:52:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'errorExist'.
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/manager/ActivateCouponManager.java:52:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'errorExist' (lines '52'-'57').
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/manager/ActivateCouponManager.java:52:	Local variable 'errorExist' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/manager/ProductManager.java:33:	Parameter 'bbbCatalogTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/manager/ProductManager.java:43:	Parameter 'pProductId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/manager/ProductManager.java:43:	Parameter 'pSiteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/manager/ProductManager.java:54:	Parameter 'pProductId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/manager/ProductManager.java:54:	Parameter 'pSiteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/manager/ProductManager.java:65:	Parameter 'firstRollUpType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/manager/ProductManager.java:65:	Parameter 'firstRollUpValue' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/manager/ProductManager.java:65:	Parameter 'productId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/manager/ProductManager.java:65:	Parameter 'secondRollUpType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/manager/ProductManager.java:76:	Parameter 'pSiteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/manager/ProductManager.java:76:	Parameter 'pSkuId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/manager/ProductManager.java:77:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pCalculateAboveBelowLine
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/manager/ProductManager.java:77:	Parameter 'pCalculateAboveBelowLine' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/manager/ProductManager.java:88:	Parameter 'productId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/manager/ProductManager.java:88:	Parameter 'siteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/manager/ProductManager.java:89:	Avoid excessively long variable names like rollUpTypeValueMap
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/manager/ProductManager.java:89:	Parameter 'rollUpTypeValueMap' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/manager/ProductManager.java:100:	Parameter 'productId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/manager/ProductManager.java:100:	Parameter 'siteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/manager/ProductManager.java:111:	Parameter 'categoryId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/browse/manager/ProductManager.java:111:	Parameter 'siteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/BBBCartItemCountDroplet.java:47:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'commerceItem' (lines '47'-'65').
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/BBBCartItemCountDroplet.java:51:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'giftWrapItemCount' (lines '51'-'87').
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/BBBCartItemCountDroplet.java:52:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'ecoFeeItemCount' (lines '52'-'87').
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/BBBCartItemCountDroplet.java:53:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'commerceItemCount' (lines '53'-'60').
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/BBBCartItemCountDroplet.java:60:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'commerceItemCount' (lines '60'-'75').
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/BBBCartItemCountDroplet.java:60:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'commerceItemCount' (lines '60'-'79').
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/BBBCartItemCountDroplet.java:64:	Local variable 'commerceItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/BBBItemCountDroplet.java:45:	The class 'BBBItemCountDroplet' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 6 (Highest = 16).
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/BBBItemCountDroplet.java:50:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ISDEFAULT_SHIP_ADDR
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/BBBItemCountDroplet.java:64:	Parameter 'registryManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/BBBItemCountDroplet.java:79:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'commerceItem' (lines '79'-'98').
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/BBBItemCountDroplet.java:79:	The method 'service' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 16.
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/BBBItemCountDroplet.java:79:	The method service() has an NPath complexity of 1212
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/BBBItemCountDroplet.java:85:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'commerceItemCount' (lines '85'-'93').
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/BBBItemCountDroplet.java:86:	Avoid excessively long variable names like totalRegistryItems
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/BBBItemCountDroplet.java:93:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'commerceItemCount' (lines '93'-'107').
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/BBBItemCountDroplet.java:93:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'commerceItemCount' (lines '93'-'110').
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/BBBItemCountDroplet.java:97:	Local variable 'commerceItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/BBBItemCountDroplet.java:114:	Local variable 'order' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/BBBItemCountDroplet.java:118:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'registryMap' (lines '118'-'153').
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/BBBItemCountDroplet.java:121:	Local variable 'items' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/BBBItemCountDroplet.java:122:	Local variable 'itr' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/BBBItemCountDroplet.java:125:	Local variable 'currentItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/BBBItemCountDroplet.java:127:	Local variable 'registryId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/BBBItemCountDroplet.java:128:	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/BBBItemCountDroplet.java:135:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'registryAddressId' (lines '135'-'141').
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/BBBItemCountDroplet.java:136:	Avoid excessively long variable names like isDefaultShippingAddress
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/BBBItemCountDroplet.java:136:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isDefaultShippingAddress' (lines '136'-'144').
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/BBBItemCountDroplet.java:137:	Local variable 'selectedAddress' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/BBBItemCountDroplet.java:139:	Avoid excessively long variable names like registriesAddresses
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/BBBItemCountDroplet.java:139:	Local variable 'registriesAddresses' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/BBBItemCountDroplet.java:140:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/EmailCartFormHandler.java:24:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.commerce.catalog.vo.ProductVO'
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/EmailCartFormHandler.java:24:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.commerce.catalog.vo.ProductVO'
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/EmailCartFormHandler.java:47:	The class 'EmailCartFormHandler' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 2 (Highest = 10).
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/EmailCartFormHandler.java:51:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_RECIPIENT_EMAIL_INVALID
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/EmailCartFormHandler.java:55:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mSavedItemsSessionBean
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/EmailCartFormHandler.java:67:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pSavedItemsSessionBean
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/EmailCartFormHandler.java:67:	Parameter 'pSavedItemsSessionBean' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/EmailCartFormHandler.java:81:	Parameter 'pCatTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/EmailCartFormHandler.java:123:	Parameter 'profile' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/EmailCartFormHandler.java:145:	Parameter 'pSubjectParamName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/EmailCartFormHandler.java:153:	Parameter 'pLocaleParamName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/EmailCartFormHandler.java:179:	Parameter 'pLocale' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/EmailCartFormHandler.java:203:	Parameter 'pShoppingCart' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/EmailCartFormHandler.java:214:	Parameter 'pEmailType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/EmailCartFormHandler.java:223:	Local variable 'siteId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/EmailCartFormHandler.java:279:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'savedItem' (lines '279'-'303').
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/EmailCartFormHandler.java:279:	Parameter 'pRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/EmailCartFormHandler.java:279:	The method 'collectParams' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/EmailCartFormHandler.java:281:	Local variable 'emailParams' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/EmailCartFormHandler.java:282:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'skuVO' (lines '282'-'303').
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/EmailCartFormHandler.java:282:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'skuVO' (lines '282'-'332').
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/EmailCartFormHandler.java:286:	Local variable 'order' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/EmailCartFormHandler.java:299:	Avoid excessively long variable names like savedItemsSessionBean
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/EmailCartFormHandler.java:299:	Local variable 'savedItemsSessionBean' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/EmailCartFormHandler.java:300:	Local variable 'savedItems' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/EmailCartFormHandler.java:301:	Local variable 'savedItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/EmailCartFormHandler.java:311:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/EmailCartFormHandler.java:316:	Local variable 'placeHolderValues' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/EmailCartFormHandler.java:318:	Local variable 'uniqueKeyDate' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/EmailCartFormHandler.java:319:	Local variable 'emailPersistId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/EmailCartFormHandler.java:334:	Parameter 'pRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/EmailCartFormHandler.java:335:	Parameter 'pResponse' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/EmailCartFormHandler.java:337:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '337'-'340').
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/EmailCartFormHandler.java:340:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '340'-'351').
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/EmailCartFormHandler.java:366:	Parameter 'pRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/EmailCartFormHandler.java:367:	Parameter 'pResponse' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/EmailCartFormHandler.java:374:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'email' (lines '374'-'403').
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/EmailCartFormHandler.java:379:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/EmailCartFormHandler.java:391:	Local variable 'order' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/EmailCartFormHandler.java:419:	Parameter 'pMsgHandler' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/EmptyCartDroplet.java:8:	Avoid unused imports such as 'atg.commerce.order.OrderHolder'
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/EmptyCartDroplet.java:8:	Avoid unused imports such as 'atg.commerce.order.OrderHolder'
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/EmptyCartDroplet.java:14:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.commerce.common.BBBRepositoryContactInfo'
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/EmptyCartDroplet.java:14:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.commerce.common.BBBRepositoryContactInfo'
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/EmptyCartDroplet.java:25:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'order' (lines '25'-'25').
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/EmptyCartDroplet.java:25:	Parameter 'req' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/EmptyCartDroplet.java:26:	Parameter 'res' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/EmptyCartDroplet.java:29:	Local variable 'order' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/EmptyCartDroplet.java:54:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mCommerceItemManager
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/EmptyCartDroplet.java:71:	Parameter 'orderManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/EmptyCartDroplet.java:77:	Avoid excessively long variable names like commerceItemManager
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/EmptyCartDroplet.java:77:	Parameter 'commerceItemManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/EmptyCartDroplet.java:83:	Parameter 'mShipManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/EmptyCartDroplet.java:89:	Parameter 'mPaymentManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/PricingMessageVO.java:7:	Too many fields
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/PricingMessageVO.java:12:	Field isFlagOff has the same name as a method
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/PricingMessageVO.java:15:	Field isInStock has the same name as a method
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/PricingMessageVO.java:36:	Parameter 'pDisableLink' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/PricingMessageVO.java:48:	Parameter 'parentCatName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/PricingMessageVO.java:60:	Parameter 'parentSeoUrl' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/PricingMessageVO.java:75:	Parameter 'pCommerceItemId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/PricingMessageVO.java:87:	Parameter 'pRegistryId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/PricingMessageVO.java:99:	Parameter 'pQuantity' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/PricingMessageVO.java:111:	Parameter 'pBopus' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/PricingMessageVO.java:123:	Parameter 'pPriceChange' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/PricingMessageVO.java:135:	Parameter 'pHeaderMessage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/PricingMessageVO.java:147:	Parameter 'pStoreId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/PricingMessageVO.java:159:	Parameter 'pWishListId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/PricingMessageVO.java:171:	Parameter 'pParentCat' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/PricingMessageVO.java:183:	Parameter 'pIsFlagOff' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/PricingMessageVO.java:195:	Parameter 'pIsInStock' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/PricingMessageVO.java:207:	Parameter 'pSkuId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/PricingMessageVO.java:219:	Parameter 'pProdId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/PricingMessageVO.java:233:	Parameter 'pPrevPrice' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/PricingMessageVO.java:245:	Parameter 'pCurrentPrice' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/PricingMessageVO.java:257:	Parameter 'pMessage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/PricingMessageVO.java:261:	Object clone() should be implemented with super.clone()
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/PricingMessageVO.java:261:	clone() method should throw CloneNotSupportedException
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/PricingMessageVO.java:271:	Parameter 'displayName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/bean/CommerceItemDisplayVO.java:1:	This class has a bunch of public methods and attributes
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/bean/CommerceItemDisplayVO.java:13:	Too many fields
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/bean/CommerceItemDisplayVO.java:17:	Avoid excessively long variable names like commerceItemPriceInfo
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/bean/CommerceItemDisplayVO.java:19:	Avoid excessively long variable names like eligibleShipMethods
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/bean/CommerceItemDisplayVO.java:20:	Avoid excessively long variable names like commaSepNonShipableStates
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/bean/CommerceItemDisplayVO.java:23:	Avoid excessively long variable names like isEcoFeeApplicable
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/bean/CommerceItemDisplayVO.java:23:	Field isEcoFeeApplicable has the same name as a method
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/bean/CommerceItemDisplayVO.java:33:	Field isEcoFeeEligible has the same name as a method
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/bean/CommerceItemDisplayVO.java:49:	Field isPackNHold has the same name as a method
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/bean/CommerceItemDisplayVO.java:50:	Avoid excessively long variable names like restrictedAttributes
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/bean/CommerceItemDisplayVO.java:57:	Avoid excessively long variable names like restrictedAttributes
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/bean/CommerceItemDisplayVO.java:57:	Parameter 'restrictedAttributes' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/bean/CommerceItemDisplayVO.java:65:	Parameter 'isPackNHold' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/bean/CommerceItemDisplayVO.java:79:	Parameter 'pSize' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/bean/CommerceItemDisplayVO.java:93:	Parameter 'pUpc' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/bean/CommerceItemDisplayVO.java:107:	Parameter 'pPriceMessageVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/bean/CommerceItemDisplayVO.java:121:	Parameter 'productSeoUrl' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/bean/CommerceItemDisplayVO.java:134:	Parameter 'registryId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/bean/CommerceItemDisplayVO.java:148:	Parameter 'pBasicImage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/bean/CommerceItemDisplayVO.java:150:	Local variable 'split' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/bean/CommerceItemDisplayVO.java:161:	Parameter 'skuActiveFlag' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/bean/CommerceItemDisplayVO.java:169:	Parameter 'skuDisableFlag' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/bean/CommerceItemDisplayVO.java:177:	Parameter 'skuHasRebate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/bean/CommerceItemDisplayVO.java:185:	Parameter 'skuOnSale' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/bean/CommerceItemDisplayVO.java:202:	Avoid excessively long variable names like commaSepNonShipableStates
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/bean/CommerceItemDisplayVO.java:202:	Parameter 'commaSepNonShipableStates' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/bean/CommerceItemDisplayVO.java:211:	Parameter 'giftWrapEligible' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/bean/CommerceItemDisplayVO.java:219:	Parameter 'skuId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/bean/CommerceItemDisplayVO.java:227:	Parameter 'shippingSurcharge' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/bean/CommerceItemDisplayVO.java:235:	Avoid excessively long variable names like isEcoFeeApplicable
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/bean/CommerceItemDisplayVO.java:235:	Parameter 'isEcoFeeApplicable' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/bean/CommerceItemDisplayVO.java:243:	Parameter 'vdcSku' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/bean/CommerceItemDisplayVO.java:251:	Parameter 'vdcSKUShipMesage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/bean/CommerceItemDisplayVO.java:261:	Parameter 'webOfferedFlag' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/bean/CommerceItemDisplayVO.java:270:	Parameter 'skuGiftCard' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/bean/CommerceItemDisplayVO.java:278:	Parameter 'bopusAllowed' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/bean/CommerceItemDisplayVO.java:283:	Avoid excessively long variable names like commerceItemPriceInfo
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/bean/CommerceItemDisplayVO.java:283:	Parameter 'commerceItemPriceInfo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/bean/CommerceItemDisplayVO.java:291:	Avoid excessively long variable names like eligibleShipMethods
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/bean/CommerceItemDisplayVO.java:291:	Parameter 'eligibleShipMethods' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/bean/CommerceItemDisplayVO.java:300:	Parameter 'commerceItemId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/bean/CommerceItemDisplayVO.java:308:	Parameter 'storeId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/bean/CommerceItemDisplayVO.java:316:	Parameter 'productId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/bean/CommerceItemDisplayVO.java:324:	Parameter 'skuThumbnailImage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/bean/CommerceItemDisplayVO.java:333:	Parameter 'skuDisplayName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/bean/CommerceItemDisplayVO.java:341:	Parameter 'skuDescription' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/bean/CommerceItemDisplayVO.java:349:	Parameter 'skuColor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/bean/CommerceItemDisplayVO.java:357:	Parameter 'skuSmallImage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/bean/CommerceItemDisplayVO.java:366:	Parameter 'stockAvailability' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/bean/CommerceItemDisplayVO.java:374:	Parameter 'isEcoFeeEligible' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/bean/CommerceItemDisplayVO.java:382:	Parameter 'lastModifiedDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/bean/CommerceItemDisplayVO.java:400:	Parameter 'freeShipMethods' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/bean/CommerceItemVO.java:11:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mStockAvailability
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/bean/CommerceItemVO.java:27:	Parameter 'pPriceMessageVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/bean/CommerceItemVO.java:35:	Parameter 'pBBBCommerceItem' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/bean/CommerceItemVO.java:43:	Parameter 'pSkuDetailVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/bean/CommerceItemVO.java:51:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pStockAvailability
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/bean/CommerceItemVO.java:51:	Parameter 'pStockAvailability' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/bean/CommerceItemVO.java:56:	Parameter 'pParamT1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/bean/CommerceItemVO.java:56:	Parameter 'pParamT2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/bean/CommerceItemVO.java:57:	Avoid variables with short names like p1
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/bean/CommerceItemVO.java:57:	Local variable 'p1' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/bean/CommerceItemVO.java:58:	Avoid variables with short names like p2
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/bean/CommerceItemVO.java:58:	Local variable 'p2' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/bean/CommerceItemVO.java:67:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/BBBCartDisplayDroplet.java:1:	A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/BBBCartDisplayDroplet.java:53:	The class 'BBBCartDisplayDroplet' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 6 (Highest = 42).
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/BBBCartDisplayDroplet.java:54:	Avoid excessively long variable names like VDC_SKU_SHIPPING_MESSAGE
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/BBBCartDisplayDroplet.java:55:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERROR_WHILE_INVOKING_GET_CART_ITEM_VO_LIST_METHOD
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/BBBCartDisplayDroplet.java:56:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERROR_WHILE_INVOKING_GET_EXPECTED_DELIVERY_DATE_METHOD
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/BBBCartDisplayDroplet.java:57:	Avoid excessively long variable names like BUSINESS_EXCEPTION_WHILE_INVOKING_GET_ATTRIBUTES_INFO_METHOD
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/BBBCartDisplayDroplet.java:58:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SYSTEM_EXCEPTION_WHILE_INVOKING_GET_ATTRIBUTES_INFO_METHOD
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/BBBCartDisplayDroplet.java:60:	Avoid excessively long variable names like EXPECTED_DELIVERY_DATE_OUTPUT
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/BBBCartDisplayDroplet.java:65:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mGiftRegistryTools
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/BBBCartDisplayDroplet.java:79:	Parameter 'pStatusManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/BBBCartDisplayDroplet.java:87:	Parameter 'catalogTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/BBBCartDisplayDroplet.java:95:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pGiftRegistryTools
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/BBBCartDisplayDroplet.java:95:	Parameter 'pGiftRegistryTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/BBBCartDisplayDroplet.java:113:	Parameter 'pOrderManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/BBBCartDisplayDroplet.java:144:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/BBBCartDisplayDroplet.java:144:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'attributeInfoItem' (lines '144'-'248').
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/BBBCartDisplayDroplet.java:144:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'bbbSGCIRelItem' (lines '144'-'222').
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/BBBCartDisplayDroplet.java:144:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'siteIdItem' (lines '144'-'251').
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/BBBCartDisplayDroplet.java:144:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'skuAttrRelnIds' (lines '144'-'227').
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/BBBCartDisplayDroplet.java:144:	The method 'service' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 42.
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/BBBCartDisplayDroplet.java:144:	The method service() has an NCSS line count of 113
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/BBBCartDisplayDroplet.java:144:	The method service() has an NPath complexity of 1236775
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/BBBCartDisplayDroplet.java:149:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'commerceItemVOs' (lines '149'-'155').
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/BBBCartDisplayDroplet.java:150:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'order' (lines '150'-'187').
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/BBBCartDisplayDroplet.java:150:	Local variable 'order' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/BBBCartDisplayDroplet.java:153:	Local variable 'fromCart' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/BBBCartDisplayDroplet.java:154:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/BBBCartDisplayDroplet.java:187:	Local variable 'order' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/BBBCartDisplayDroplet.java:190:	Local variable 'registryMap' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/BBBCartDisplayDroplet.java:192:	Local variable 'regSummVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/BBBCartDisplayDroplet.java:211:	Local variable 'shipGrp' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/BBBCartDisplayDroplet.java:213:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'shippingMethod' (lines '213'-'342').
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/BBBCartDisplayDroplet.java:213:	Local variable 'shippingMethod' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/BBBCartDisplayDroplet.java:214:	Avoid excessively long variable names like vdcShippingMessage
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/BBBCartDisplayDroplet.java:214:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'vdcShippingMessage' (lines '214'-'270').
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/BBBCartDisplayDroplet.java:215:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'attributeId' (lines '215'-'230').
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/BBBCartDisplayDroplet.java:216:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'skuAttrRelnId' (lines '216'-'227').
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/BBBCartDisplayDroplet.java:217:	Local variable 'currentSiteId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/BBBCartDisplayDroplet.java:218:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'showVdcMessage' (lines '218'-'253').
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/BBBCartDisplayDroplet.java:220:	Local variable 'bbbSGCIRelList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/BBBCartDisplayDroplet.java:221:	Local variable 'bbbSGCIRelItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/BBBCartDisplayDroplet.java:222:	Local variable 'catalogRefItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/BBBCartDisplayDroplet.java:223:	Local variable 'skuAttrRelnIdsSet' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/BBBCartDisplayDroplet.java:225:	Local variable 'skuAttrRelnIds' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/BBBCartDisplayDroplet.java:226:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'vdcFlag' (lines '226'-'238').
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/BBBCartDisplayDroplet.java:228:	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/BBBCartDisplayDroplet.java:229:	Local variable 'index' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/BBBCartDisplayDroplet.java:231:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/BBBCartDisplayDroplet.java:231:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'vdcAttributesList' (lines '231'-'233').
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/BBBCartDisplayDroplet.java:237:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0) with calls to isEmpty()
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/BBBCartDisplayDroplet.java:242:	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/BBBCartDisplayDroplet.java:243:	Avoid excessively long variable names like attributeInfoItems
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/BBBCartDisplayDroplet.java:243:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'attributeInfoItems' (lines '243'-'246').
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/BBBCartDisplayDroplet.java:244:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'siteId' (lines '244'-'251').
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/BBBCartDisplayDroplet.java:247:	Local variable 'attributeInfoItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/BBBCartDisplayDroplet.java:248:	Local variable 'sitesSet' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/BBBCartDisplayDroplet.java:250:	Local variable 'siteIdItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/BBBCartDisplayDroplet.java:269:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/BBBCartDisplayDroplet.java:281:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'state' (lines '281'-'342').
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/BBBCartDisplayDroplet.java:281:	Local variable 'state' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/BBBCartDisplayDroplet.java:285:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'expDeliveryDate' (lines '285'-'306').
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/BBBCartDisplayDroplet.java:285:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'expDeliveryDate' (lines '285'-'309').
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/BBBCartDisplayDroplet.java:285:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'expDeliveryDate' (lines '285'-'342').
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/BBBCartDisplayDroplet.java:286:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'siteId' (lines '286'-'342').
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/BBBCartDisplayDroplet.java:286:	Local variable 'siteId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/BBBCartDisplayDroplet.java:287:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isFromOrderDetail' (lines '287'-'291').
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/BBBCartDisplayDroplet.java:287:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'isFromOrderDetail' (lines '287'-'342').
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/BBBCartDisplayDroplet.java:288:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'timestamp' (lines '288'-'294').
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/BBBCartDisplayDroplet.java:289:	Avoid excessively long variable names like orderSubmittedDate
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/BBBCartDisplayDroplet.java:289:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'orderSubmittedDate' (lines '289'-'300').
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/BBBCartDisplayDroplet.java:291:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'isFromOrderDetail' (lines '291'-'342').
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/BBBCartDisplayDroplet.java:296:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'simpleDateFormat' (lines '296'-'342').
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/BBBCartDisplayDroplet.java:296:	Local variable 'simpleDateFormat' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/BBBCartDisplayDroplet.java:298:	Local variable 'orderDate' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/BBBCartDisplayDroplet.java:300:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'orderSubmittedDate' (lines '300'-'342').
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/BBBCartDisplayDroplet.java:302:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/BBBCartDisplayDroplet.java:332:	Avoid using exceptions as flow control.
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/BBBCartDisplayDroplet.java:351:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'item' (lines '351'-'395').
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/BBBCartDisplayDroplet.java:351:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'order' (lines '351'-'351').
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/BBBCartDisplayDroplet.java:351:	Parameter 'pRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/BBBCartDisplayDroplet.java:351:	The method 'setSaveForLaterDetails' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 16.
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/BBBCartDisplayDroplet.java:353:	Local variable 'cart' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/BBBCartDisplayDroplet.java:354:	Local variable 'order' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/BBBCartDisplayDroplet.java:356:	Local variable 'pos' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/BBBCartDisplayDroplet.java:357:	Avoid variables with short names like i
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/BBBCartDisplayDroplet.java:357:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'i' (lines '357'-'387').
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/BBBCartDisplayDroplet.java:357:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'i' (lines '357'-'404').
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/BBBCartDisplayDroplet.java:358:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0) with calls to isEmpty()
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/BBBCartDisplayDroplet.java:359:	Local variable 'comitem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/BBBCartDisplayDroplet.java:361:	Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/BBBCartDisplayDroplet.java:363:	Local variable 'tempComitem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/BBBCartDisplayDroplet.java:364:	No need to check for null before an instanceof
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/BBBCartDisplayDroplet.java:387:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'i' (lines '387'-'387').
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/BBBCartDisplayDroplet.java:387:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'i' (lines '387'-'404').
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/BBBCartDisplayDroplet.java:394:	Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/BBBContinueShoppingDroplet.java:35:	Parameter 'urlPatterns' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/BBBContinueShoppingDroplet.java:50:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'urlPattern' (lines '50'-'65').
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/BBBContinueShoppingDroplet.java:56:	Avoid excessively long variable names like continueShoppingURL
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/BBBContinueShoppingDroplet.java:56:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'continueShoppingURL' (lines '56'-'58').
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/BBBContinueShoppingDroplet.java:56:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'continueShoppingURL' (lines '56'-'60').
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/BBBContinueShoppingDroplet.java:58:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'continueShoppingURL' (lines '58'-'66').
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/BBBContinueShoppingDroplet.java:60:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'continueShoppingURL' (lines '60'-'66').
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/BBBContinueShoppingDroplet.java:64:	Local variable 'urlPattern' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/BBBSaveForLaterDisplayDroplet.java:34:	Avoid excessively long variable names like savedItemsSessionBean
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/BBBSaveForLaterDisplayDroplet.java:48:	Parameter 'profile' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/BBBSaveForLaterDisplayDroplet.java:63:	Avoid excessively long variable names like savedItemsSessionBean
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/BBBSaveForLaterDisplayDroplet.java:63:	Parameter 'savedItemsSessionBean' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/BBBSaveForLaterDisplayDroplet.java:71:	Parameter 'catalogTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/BBBSaveForLaterDisplayDroplet.java:90:	Parameter 'pOrderManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/BBBSaveForLaterDisplayDroplet.java:121:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'giftListVO' (lines '121'-'135').
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/BBBSaveForLaterDisplayDroplet.java:125:	Local variable 'bean' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/BBBSaveForLaterDisplayDroplet.java:126:	Local variable 'msg' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/BBBSaveForLaterDisplayDroplet.java:127:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'check' (lines '127'-'129').
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/BBBSaveForLaterDisplayDroplet.java:131:	Local variable 'giftList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/BBBSaveForLaterDisplayDroplet.java:133:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/BBBSaveForLaterDisplayDroplet.java:134:	Local variable 'giftListVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/BBBSaveForLaterDisplayDroplet.java:135:	Local variable 'productId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/CartRegistryInfoDroplet.java:31:	The class 'CartRegistryInfoDroplet' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 10).
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/CartRegistryInfoDroplet.java:34:	Avoid excessively long variable names like MSG_COUNTRY_MISSING
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/CartRegistryInfoDroplet.java:34:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'MSG_COUNTRY_MISSING' is not final.
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/CartRegistryInfoDroplet.java:34:	The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/CartRegistryInfoDroplet.java:34:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'MSG_COUNTRY_MISSING' starts with uppercase character.
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/CartRegistryInfoDroplet.java:37:	Avoid excessively long variable names like MSG_REG_SERVICE_NOTWORKING
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/CartRegistryInfoDroplet.java:37:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'MSG_REG_SERVICE_NOTWORKING' is not final.
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/CartRegistryInfoDroplet.java:37:	The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/CartRegistryInfoDroplet.java:37:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'MSG_REG_SERVICE_NOTWORKING' starts with uppercase character.
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/CartRegistryInfoDroplet.java:56:	Parameter 'registryManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/CartRegistryInfoDroplet.java:61:	Parameter 'req' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/CartRegistryInfoDroplet.java:61:	The method 'service' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/CartRegistryInfoDroplet.java:62:	Parameter 'res' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/CartRegistryInfoDroplet.java:65:	Local variable 'order' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/CartRegistryInfoDroplet.java:71:	Local variable 'commerceItems' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/CartRegistryInfoDroplet.java:73:	Local variable 'iterator' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/CartRegistryInfoDroplet.java:75:	Local variable 'currentItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/CartRegistryInfoDroplet.java:77:	Local variable 'registryId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/CartRegistryInfoDroplet.java:80:	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/CartRegistryInfoDroplet.java:85:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'countryName' (lines '85'-'85').
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/CartRegistryInfoDroplet.java:85:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'countryName' (lines '85'-'104').
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/CartRegistryInfoDroplet.java:85:	Local variable 'countryName' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/CartRegistryInfoDroplet.java:86:	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/CheckFlagOffItems.java:9:	Avoid unused imports such as 'atg.commerce.order.PaymentGroupManager'
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/CheckFlagOffItems.java:9:	Avoid unused imports such as 'atg.commerce.order.PaymentGroupManager'
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/CheckFlagOffItems.java:12:	Avoid unused imports such as 'atg.commerce.order.ShippingGroupManager'
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/CheckFlagOffItems.java:12:	Avoid unused imports such as 'atg.commerce.order.ShippingGroupManager'
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/CheckFlagOffItems.java:19:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.commerce.catalog.vo.SKUDetailVO'
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/CheckFlagOffItems.java:19:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.commerce.catalog.vo.SKUDetailVO'
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/CheckFlagOffItems.java:21:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.commerce.order.BBBCommerceItemManager'
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/CheckFlagOffItems.java:21:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.commerce.order.BBBCommerceItemManager'
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/CheckFlagOffItems.java:27:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.exception.BBBBusinessException'
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/CheckFlagOffItems.java:27:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.exception.BBBBusinessException'
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/CheckFlagOffItems.java:28:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.exception.BBBSystemException'
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/CheckFlagOffItems.java:28:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.exception.BBBSystemException'
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/CheckFlagOffItems.java:32:	The class 'CheckFlagOffItems' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 5 (Highest = 25).
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/CheckFlagOffItems.java:35:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'cisi' (lines '35'-'68').
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/CheckFlagOffItems.java:35:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'commerceItem' (lines '35'-'80').
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/CheckFlagOffItems.java:35:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'isNotFlagOff' (lines '35'-'78').
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/CheckFlagOffItems.java:35:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'registryId' (lines '35'-'88').
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/CheckFlagOffItems.java:35:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'skuId' (lines '35'-'89').
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/CheckFlagOffItems.java:35:	The method 'service' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 25.
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/CheckFlagOffItems.java:35:	The method service() has an NPath complexity of 6504
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/CheckFlagOffItems.java:37:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'checkOOSItems' (lines '37'-'39').
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/CheckFlagOffItems.java:41:	Local variable 'order' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/CheckFlagOffItems.java:42:	Local variable 'commerceItems' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/CheckFlagOffItems.java:45:	Local variable 'commerceItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/CheckFlagOffItems.java:49:	Local variable 'skuId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/CheckFlagOffItems.java:54:	Local variable 'bbbCommerceItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/CheckFlagOffItems.java:55:	Local variable 'registryId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/CheckFlagOffItems.java:56:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isNotFlagOff' (lines '56'-'59').
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/CheckFlagOffItems.java:66:	Local variable 'cisiRelationships' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/CheckFlagOffItems.java:67:	Local variable 'cisi' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/CheckFlagOffItems.java:68:	Local variable 'shippingGroup' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/CheckFlagOffItems.java:70:	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/CheckFlagOffItems.java:80:	Local variable 'cisiRelationships' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/CheckFlagOffItems.java:81:	Local variable 'cisi' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/CheckFlagOffItems.java:82:	Local variable 'shippingGroup' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/CheckFlagOffItems.java:86:	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/CheckFlagOffItems.java:88:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/CheckFlagOffItems.java:95:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'inStockItems' (lines '95'-'95').
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/CheckFlagOffItems.java:95:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'inStockItems' (lines '95'-'116').
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/CheckFlagOffItems.java:126:	Parameter 'inventoryManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/CheckFlagOffItems.java:134:	Parameter 'order' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/CheckFlagOffItems.java:142:	Parameter 'orderManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/ShipQualifierThreshold.java:11:	Avoid unused imports such as 'org.jsoup.nodes.Node'
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/ShipQualifierThreshold.java:11:	Avoid unused imports such as 'org.jsoup.nodes.Node'
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/ShipQualifierThreshold.java:12:	Avoid unused imports such as 'org.jsoup.select.Elements'
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/ShipQualifierThreshold.java:12:	Avoid unused imports such as 'org.jsoup.select.Elements'
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/ShipQualifierThreshold.java:25:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.rest.commerce.promotion.BBBClosenessQualifierDropletResultVO'
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/ShipQualifierThreshold.java:25:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.rest.commerce.promotion.BBBClosenessQualifierDropletResultVO'
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/ShipQualifierThreshold.java:27:	The class 'ShipQualifierThreshold' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 13).
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/ShipQualifierThreshold.java:28:	Avoid excessively long variable names like closenessQualifierDroplet
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/ShipQualifierThreshold.java:36:	Parameter 'qualifierService' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/ShipQualifierThreshold.java:45:	Avoid excessively long variable names like closenessQualifierDroplet
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/ShipQualifierThreshold.java:45:	Parameter 'closenessQualifierDroplet' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/ShipQualifierThreshold.java:57:	Parameter 'order' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/ShipQualifierThreshold.java:61:	The method 'service' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 13.
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/ShipQualifierThreshold.java:62:	Local variable 'qualifierType' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/ShipQualifierThreshold.java:66:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'orderTotal' (lines '66'-'120').
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/ShipQualifierThreshold.java:66:	Local variable 'orderTotal' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/ShipQualifierThreshold.java:71:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/ShipQualifierThreshold.java:72:	Avoid using exceptions as flow control.
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/ShipQualifierThreshold.java:72:	Avoid using exceptions as flow control.
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/ShipQualifierThreshold.java:74:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/ShipQualifierThreshold.java:78:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/ShipQualifierThreshold.java:79:	Avoid using exceptions as flow control.
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/ShipQualifierThreshold.java:79:	Avoid using exceptions as flow control.
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/ShipQualifierThreshold.java:81:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/ShipQualifierThreshold.java:84:	Avoid excessively long variable names like closenessQualifier
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/ShipQualifierThreshold.java:87:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/ShipQualifierThreshold.java:88:	Local variable 'qualifier' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/ShipQualifierThreshold.java:89:	Local variable 'pmdlRule' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/ShipQualifierThreshold.java:91:	Local variable 'pmdlDoc' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/ShipQualifierThreshold.java:93:	Avoid variables with short names like e
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/ShipQualifierThreshold.java:93:	Local variable 'e' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/ShipQualifierThreshold.java:94:	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/ShipQualifierThreshold.java:95:	Local variable 'stringValue' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/ShipQualifierThreshold.java:98:	Local variable 'shippingLimit' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/ShipQualifierThreshold.java:101:	Local variable 'shipThreshold' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/ShipQualifierThreshold.java:103:	Local variable 'shippingThreshold' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:1:	A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:57:	The class 'StatusChangeMessageDroplet' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 5 (Highest = 45).
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:61:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mCatalogRepository
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:62:	Avoid excessively long variable names like lblTxtTemplateManager
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:83:	Parameter 'pSiteContext' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:98:	Parameter 'pProductManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:113:	Parameter 'pCatalogTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:128:	Parameter 'pBbbCatalogTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:143:	Parameter 'giftListManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:158:	Parameter 'catalogRepository' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:173:	Parameter 'inventoryManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:191:	The method 'service' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 13.
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:193:	Local variable 'methodName' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:200:	Local variable 'reqType' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:207:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'giftListVO' (lines '207'-'210').
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:207:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'giftListVO' (lines '207'-'212').
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:228:	The String literal "RepositoryException" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 228
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:244:	Local variable 'bean' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:245:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'bean'
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:262:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:262:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'commerceItem' (lines '262'-'281').
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:262:	Parameter 'pRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:262:	Parameter 'pResponse' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:262:	The method 'checkCartItemMessage' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 20.
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:262:	The method checkCartItemMessage() has an NPath complexity of 440
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:266:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'inStock' (lines '266'-'318').
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:268:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'currentPrice' (lines '268'-'305').
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:269:	Local variable 'siteId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:271:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:271:	Local variable 'id' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:273:	The String literal "Id Recieved " appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 273
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:275:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'checkItemInValid' (lines '275'-'284').
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:276:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:277:	Local variable 'cart' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:278:	Local variable 'order' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:279:	Local variable 'commerceItemLists' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:280:	Local variable 'commerceItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:282:	Local variable 'bbbCommerceItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:284:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'checkItemInValid' (lines '284'-'284').
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:284:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'checkItemInValid' (lines '284'-'370').
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:285:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:285:	Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:285:	Local variable 'vo' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:287:	Local variable 'productId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:289:	Local variable 'skuId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:291:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'registryId' (lines '291'-'370').
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:291:	Local variable 'registryId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:298:	Local variable 'skuVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:300:	Local variable 'itemPriceInfo' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:301:	Local variable 'listPrice' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:302:	Local variable 'salePrice' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:304:	Local variable 'onSale' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:311:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:347:	Local variable 'psvo' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:353:	Local variable 'rev' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:378:	Parameter 'order' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:378:	Parameter 'pRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:402:	Parameter 'pOrderManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:420:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:420:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'savedItem' (lines '420'-'438').
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:420:	Parameter 'giftListVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:420:	Parameter 'pRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:420:	Parameter 'pResponse' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:420:	The method 'checkSavedItemMessages' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 45.
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:420:	The method checkSavedItemMessages() has an NCSS line count of 130
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:420:	The method checkSavedItemMessages() has an NPath complexity of 47064
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:424:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'currentPrice' (lines '424'-'470').
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:425:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'inStock' (lines '425'-'464').
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:427:	Local variable 'siteId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:429:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:429:	Local variable 'id' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:433:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'checkItemInValid' (lines '433'-'439').
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:434:	Local variable 'profile' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:435:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:436:	Local variable 'savedItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:439:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'checkItemInValid' (lines '439'-'439').
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:439:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'checkItemInValid' (lines '439'-'609').
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:440:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:440:	Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:440:	Local variable 'vo' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:443:	Local variable 'productId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:445:	Local variable 'skuId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:447:	Local variable 'registryId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:452:	Local variable 'skuVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:456:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:466:	Local variable 'listPrice' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:467:	Local variable 'salePrice' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:469:	Local variable 'onSale' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:473:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:478:	The String literal "CLS=[StatusChangeMessageDroplet] MTHD=[checkSavedItemMessages ends]" appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 478
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:490:	Local variable 'listPrice' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:491:	Local variable 'salePrice' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:493:	Local variable 'onSale' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:506:	Local variable 'psvo' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:515:	Local variable 'rev' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:517:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:518:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'itemId' (lines '518'-'535').
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:518:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'itemId' (lines '518'-'555').
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:518:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'itemId' (lines '518'-'609').
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:520:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:521:	Local variable 'itemsList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:523:	Local variable 'iterator' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:526:	Local variable 'itemGift' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:527:	Local variable 'regId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:528:	The null check here is misplaced; if the variable is null therell be a NullPointerException
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:528:	The null check here is misplaced; if the variable is null therell be a NullPointerException
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:536:	Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:545:	Local variable 'itemsList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:547:	Local variable 'iterator' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:550:	Local variable 'itemGift' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:556:	Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:619:	Parameter 'pIds' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:619:	The method 'checkCartItemMessage' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:624:	Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:624:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'vo' (lines '624'-'659').
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:624:	Local variable 'vo' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:625:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'pvo' (lines '625'-'659').
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:625:	Local variable 'pvo' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:626:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:628:	Local variable 'pRequest' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:629:	Local variable 'pResponse' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:630:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'cart'.
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:630:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'cart' (lines '630'-'659').
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:630:	Local variable 'cart' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:634:	Local variable 'pricemessagevo' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:640:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:643:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:646:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:649:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:652:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:669:	Parameter 'pIds' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:669:	The method 'checkSavedItemMessages' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 13.
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:674:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:675:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'pRequest' (lines '675'-'716').
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:675:	Local variable 'pRequest' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:676:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'pResponse' (lines '676'-'716').
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:676:	Local variable 'pResponse' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:677:	Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:677:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'vo' (lines '677'-'716').
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:677:	Local variable 'vo' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:678:	Local variable 'pvo' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:680:	Local variable 'giftListVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:684:	Local variable 'pricemessagevo' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:690:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:693:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:696:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:699:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:702:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:705:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:726:	Parameter 'listPrice' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:726:	Parameter 'onSale' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:726:	Parameter 'salePrice' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:729:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:744:	Avoid excessively long variable names like lblTxtTemplateManager
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:744:	Parameter 'lblTxtTemplateManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageManager.java:1:	A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageManager.java:51:	The class 'StatusChangeMessageManager' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 36).
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageManager.java:55:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mCatalogRepository
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageManager.java:56:	Avoid excessively long variable names like lblTxtTemplateManager
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageManager.java:64:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'mProductManager'.
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageManager.java:64:	Perhaps 'mProductManager' could be replaced by a local variable.
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageManager.java:76:	Parameter 'pSiteContext' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageManager.java:84:	Parameter 'pProductManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageManager.java:99:	Parameter 'pCatalogTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageManager.java:114:	Parameter 'pBbbCatalogTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageManager.java:129:	Parameter 'giftListManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageManager.java:144:	Parameter 'catalogRepository' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageManager.java:159:	Parameter 'inventoryManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageManager.java:229:	Avoid unused private methods such as 'getSavedItemsSessionBean()'.
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageManager.java:230:	Local variable 'bean' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageManager.java:231:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'bean'
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageManager.java:248:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageManager.java:248:	Parameter 'bbbCommerceItem' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageManager.java:248:	Parameter 'pOrder' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageManager.java:248:	Parameter 'pRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageManager.java:248:	The method 'checkCartItemMessage' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 19.
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageManager.java:248:	The method checkCartItemMessage() has an NPath complexity of 1768
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageManager.java:253:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'currentPrice' (lines '253'-'294').
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageManager.java:253:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'currentPrice' (lines '253'-'353').
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageManager.java:254:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'siteId' (lines '254'-'353').
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageManager.java:254:	Local variable 'siteId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageManager.java:256:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'inStock' (lines '256'-'313').
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageManager.java:256:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'inStock' (lines '256'-'353').
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageManager.java:260:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'doUpdate' (lines '260'-'340').
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageManager.java:260:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'doUpdate' (lines '260'-'353').
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageManager.java:261:	No need to check for null before an instanceof
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageManager.java:263:	Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageManager.java:263:	Local variable 'vo' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageManager.java:265:	Local variable 'productId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageManager.java:267:	Local variable 'skuId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageManager.java:269:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'registryId' (lines '269'-'353').
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageManager.java:269:	Local variable 'registryId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageManager.java:275:	Local variable 'parentCategory' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageManager.java:287:	Local variable 'skuVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageManager.java:289:	Local variable 'itemPriceInfo' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageManager.java:290:	Local variable 'listPrice' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageManager.java:291:	Local variable 'salePrice' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageManager.java:293:	Local variable 'onSale' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageManager.java:297:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isSkuActive' (lines '297'-'300').
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageManager.java:306:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageManager.java:361:	Parameter 'order' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageManager.java:361:	Parameter 'pRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageManager.java:387:	Parameter 'pOrderManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageManager.java:405:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageManager.java:405:	Parameter 'giftListVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageManager.java:405:	The method 'checkSavedItemMessages' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 36.
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageManager.java:405:	The method checkSavedItemMessages() has an NCSS line count of 110
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageManager.java:405:	The method checkSavedItemMessages() has an NPath complexity of 14564
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageManager.java:409:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'currentPrice' (lines '409'-'465').
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageManager.java:410:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'inStock' (lines '410'-'459').
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageManager.java:412:	Local variable 'siteId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageManager.java:416:	Local variable 'pRequest' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageManager.java:417:	Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageManager.java:417:	Local variable 'vo' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageManager.java:420:	Local variable 'productId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageManager.java:422:	Local variable 'skuId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageManager.java:424:	Local variable 'registryId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageManager.java:428:	Local variable 'parentCategory' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageManager.java:440:	Local variable 'skuVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageManager.java:442:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isSkuActive' (lines '442'-'445').
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageManager.java:451:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageManager.java:461:	Local variable 'listPrice' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageManager.java:462:	Local variable 'salePrice' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageManager.java:464:	Local variable 'onSale' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageManager.java:477:	Local variable 'listPrice' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageManager.java:478:	Local variable 'salePrice' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageManager.java:479:	Local variable 'onSale' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageManager.java:494:	Local variable 'profile' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageManager.java:495:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageManager.java:496:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'itemId' (lines '496'-'510').
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageManager.java:496:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'itemId' (lines '496'-'527').
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageManager.java:496:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'itemId' (lines '496'-'565').
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageManager.java:498:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageManager.java:499:	Local variable 'itemsList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageManager.java:501:	Local variable 'iterator' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageManager.java:504:	Local variable 'itemGift' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageManager.java:505:	Local variable 'regId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageManager.java:506:	The null check here is misplaced; if the variable is null therell be a NullPointerException
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageManager.java:506:	The null check here is misplaced; if the variable is null therell be a NullPointerException
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageManager.java:511:	Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageManager.java:520:	Local variable 'itemsList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageManager.java:522:	Local variable 'iterator' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageManager.java:525:	Local variable 'itemGift' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageManager.java:528:	Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageManager.java:578:	Parameter 'listPrice' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageManager.java:578:	Parameter 'onSale' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageManager.java:578:	Parameter 'salePrice' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageManager.java:581:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageManager.java:596:	Avoid excessively long variable names like lblTxtTemplateManager
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/StatusChangeMessageManager.java:596:	Parameter 'lblTxtTemplateManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:1:	A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:60:	Avoid really long classes.
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:60:	The class 'TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 7 (Highest = 66).
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:60:	This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:64:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mCatalogRepository
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:65:	Avoid excessively long variable names like lblTxtTemplateManager
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:82:	Avoid excessively long variable names like transactionManager
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:95:	Avoid excessively long variable names like transactionManager
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:95:	Parameter 'transactionManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:107:	Parameter 'pSiteContext' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:121:	Parameter 'pProductManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:136:	Parameter 'pCatalogTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:151:	Parameter 'pBbbCatalogTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:166:	Parameter 'giftListManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:181:	Parameter 'catalogRepository' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:196:	Parameter 'inventoryManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:214:	The method 'service' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 18.
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:216:	Local variable 'methodName' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:222:	Avoid variables with short names like tm
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:222:	Local variable 'tm' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:223:	Avoid variables with short names like td
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:223:	Local variable 'td' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:224:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isException' (lines '224'-'273').
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:228:	Local variable 'reqType' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:229:	Local variable 'flagOffList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:230:	Local variable 'oosList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:231:	Local variable 'pricechangeVOList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:236:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'giftListVO' (lines '236'-'239').
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:236:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'giftListVO' (lines '236'-'241').
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:248:	Local variable 'SIflagOffList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:248:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'SIflagOffList' starts with uppercase character.
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:249:	Local variable 'SIoosList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:249:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'SIoosList' starts with uppercase character.
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:250:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SIpricechangeVOList
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:250:	Local variable 'SIpricechangeVOList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:250:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'SIpricechangeVOList' starts with uppercase character.
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:252:	Local variable 'finalMerge' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:253:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:254:	Local variable 'jmer' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:255:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:258:	Avoid variables with short names like i
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:273:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isException' (lines '273'-'277').
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:277:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isException' (lines '277'-'281').
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:279:	The String literal "RepositoryException" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 279
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:281:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isException' (lines '281'-'285').
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:285:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isException' (lines '285'-'291').
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:291:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'isException' (lines '291'-'309').
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:319:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'item' (lines '319'-'328').
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:319:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'siflagofflist' (lines '319'-'328').
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:319:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'sioosList' (lines '319'-'349').
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:319:	Parameter 'flagOffList' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:319:	Parameter 'oosList' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:319:	The method 'finalMerge' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 28.
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:319:	The method finalMerge() has an NPath complexity of 2197
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:320:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SIpricechangeVOList
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:320:	Parameter 'SIflagOffList' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:320:	Parameter 'SIoosList' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:320:	Parameter 'SIpricechangeVOList' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:320:	Parameter 'pricechangeVOList' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:320:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'SIflagOffList' starts with uppercase character.
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:320:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'SIoosList' starts with uppercase character.
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:320:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'SIpricechangeVOList' starts with uppercase character.
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:321:	Local variable 'finalList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:323:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0) with calls to isEmpty()
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:324:	Avoid excessively long variable names like tempfinalFlagOffList
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:324:	Local variable 'tempfinalFlagOffList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:325:	Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:326:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'check' (lines '326'-'329').
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:327:	Local variable 'siflagofflist' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:344:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0) with calls to isEmpty()
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:345:	Local variable 'tempfinaloosList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:346:	Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:348:	Local variable 'sioosList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:365:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0) with calls to isEmpty()
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:366:	Local variable 'tempfinalpcList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:367:	Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:369:	Local variable 'sioosList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:390:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'item' (lines '390'-'403').
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:390:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'itemAddedone' (lines '390'-'403').
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:390:	Parameter 'flagOffList' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:390:	Parameter 'oosList' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:390:	Parameter 'pRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:390:	Parameter 'pricechangeVOList' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:390:	The method 'mergeMsg' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 19.
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:390:	The method mergeMsg() has an NPath complexity of 729
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:392:	Local variable 'flagOffVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:393:	Local variable 'oosVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:394:	Local variable 'priceChangeVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:395:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0) with calls to isEmpty()
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:397:	Local variable 'itemAdded' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:400:	Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:401:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'check' (lines '401'-'404').
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:402:	Local variable 'itemAddedone' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:415:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0) with calls to isEmpty()
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:417:	Local variable 'itemAdded' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:420:	Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:422:	Local variable 'itemAddedone' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:435:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0) with calls to isEmpty()
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:437:	Local variable 'itemAdded' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:440:	Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:442:	Local variable 'itemAddedone' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:457:	Local variable 'bean' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:458:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'bean'
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:475:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:475:	Avoid unused method parameters such as 'pResponse'.
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:475:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'commerceItem' (lines '475'-'492').
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:475:	Parameter 'pRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:475:	Parameter 'pResponse' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:475:	The method 'checkCartItemMessage' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 32.
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:475:	The method checkCartItemMessage() has an NPath complexity of 373024
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:481:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'currentPrice' (lines '481'-'536').
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:482:	Local variable 'siteId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:484:	Local variable 'cart' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:485:	Local variable 'order' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:486:	Local variable 'commerceItemLists' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:487:	Local variable 'flagOffVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:488:	Local variable 'oosVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:489:	Local variable 'priceChangeVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:490:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'doUpdate' (lines '490'-'554').
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:491:	Local variable 'commerceItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:493:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'inStock' (lines '493'-'550').
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:494:	Local variable 'bbbCommerceItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:496:	Local variable 'toplink' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:498:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:498:	Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:498:	Local variable 'vo' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:500:	Local variable 'productId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:502:	Local variable 'skuId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:504:	Local variable 'registryId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:509:	Local variable 'parentCategory' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:521:	Local variable 'skuVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:528:	Local variable 'profile' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:532:	Local variable 'listPrice' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:533:	Local variable 'salePrice' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:535:	Local variable 'onSale' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:542:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:554:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'doUpdate' (lines '554'-'558').
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:554:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'doUpdate' (lines '554'-'566').
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:558:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'doUpdate' (lines '558'-'566').
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:582:	Local variable 'psvo' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:597:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0) with calls to isEmpty()
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:600:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0) with calls to isEmpty()
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:603:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0) with calls to isEmpty()
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:615:	Parameter 'order' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:615:	Parameter 'pRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:641:	Parameter 'pOrderManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:659:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:659:	Avoid unused method parameters such as 'pResponse'.
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:659:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'commerceItem' (lines '659'-'817').
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:659:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'savedItem' (lines '659'-'677').
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:659:	Parameter 'giftListVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:659:	Parameter 'pRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:659:	Parameter 'pResponse' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:659:	The method 'checkSavedItemMessages' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 66.
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:659:	The method checkSavedItemMessages() has an NCSS line count of 177
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:659:	The method checkSavedItemMessages() has an NPath complexity of 178515476
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:663:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'currentPrice' (lines '663'-'720').
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:665:	Local variable 'siteId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:667:	Local variable 'profile' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:671:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'flagOffVO' (lines '671'-'910').
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:671:	Local variable 'flagOffVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:672:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'oosVO' (lines '672'-'910').
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:672:	Local variable 'oosVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:673:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'priceChangeVO' (lines '673'-'910').
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:673:	Local variable 'priceChangeVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:674:	Local variable 'savedItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:675:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'inStock' (lines '675'-'714').
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:676:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:676:	Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:676:	Local variable 'vo' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:678:	Local variable 'productId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:680:	Local variable 'skuId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:682:	Local variable 'registryId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:686:	Local variable 'parentCategory' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:698:	Local variable 'skuVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:706:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:716:	Local variable 'listPrice' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:717:	Local variable 'salePrice' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:719:	Local variable 'onSale' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:725:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:727:	Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:752:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:754:	Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:780:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:782:	Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:808:	The String literal "CLS=[StatusChangeMessageDroplet] MTHD=[checkSavedItemMessages ends]" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 808
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:812:	Local variable 'cart' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:813:	Local variable 'order' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:814:	Local variable 'commerceItemLists' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:815:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'doUpdate' (lines '815'-'821').
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:816:	Local variable 'commerceItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:818:	Local variable 'bbbcommerceItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:821:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'doUpdate' (lines '821'-'821').
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:829:	Local variable 'listPrice' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:830:	Local variable 'salePrice' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:832:	Local variable 'onSale' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:839:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:841:	Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:864:	Local variable 'cart' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:865:	Local variable 'order' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:866:	Local variable 'commerceItemLists' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:868:	Local variable 'commerceItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:870:	Local variable 'bbbcommerceItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:882:	Local variable 'psvo' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:899:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0) with calls to isEmpty()
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:902:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0) with calls to isEmpty()
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:905:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0) with calls to isEmpty()
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:923:	The method 'checkCartItemMessage' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:927:	Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:927:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'vo' (lines '927'-'939').
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:927:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'vo' (lines '927'-'973').
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:928:	Local variable 'pRequest' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:929:	Local variable 'pResponse' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:931:	Local variable 'flagOffList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:932:	Local variable 'oosList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:933:	Local variable 'pricechangeVOList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:939:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'vo' (lines '939'-'973').
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:943:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:946:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:949:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:952:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:955:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:958:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0) with calls to isEmpty()
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:959:	Local variable 'voList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:961:	Local variable 'pricingMessageVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:963:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:987:	Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:987:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'vo' (lines '987'-'998').
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:988:	Local variable 'pRequest' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:989:	Local variable 'pResponse' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:998:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'vo' (lines '998'-'1,007').
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:1001:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:1004:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:1022:	The method 'checkSavedItemMessages' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:1028:	Local variable 'pRequest' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:1029:	Local variable 'pResponse' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:1030:	Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:1030:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'vo' (lines '1,030'-'1,042').
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:1030:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'vo' (lines '1,030'-'1,070').
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:1031:	Local variable 'giftListVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:1034:	Local variable 'flagOffList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:1035:	Local variable 'oosList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:1036:	Local variable 'pricechangeVOList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:1042:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'vo' (lines '1,042'-'1,070').
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:1046:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:1049:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:1052:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:1055:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:1058:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:1061:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:1077:	Parameter 'pOrder' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:1077:	Parameter 'pProfile' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:1078:	Local variable 'map' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:1098:	Parameter 'listPrice' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:1098:	Parameter 'onSale' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:1098:	Parameter 'salePrice' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:1101:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:1116:	Avoid excessively long variable names like lblTxtTemplateManager
src/com/bbb/commerce/cart/droplet/TopStatusChangeMessageDroplet.java:1116:	Parameter 'lblTxtTemplateManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogErrorCodes.java:4:	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogErrorCodes.java:7:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SKU_NOT_AVAILABLE_IN_REPOSITORY
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogErrorCodes.java:8:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CATEGORY_NOT_AVAILABLE_IN_REPOSITORY
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogErrorCodes.java:9:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CATEGORY_IS_DISABLED_NO_LONGER_AVAILABLE_REPOSITORY
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogErrorCodes.java:10:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SKU_IS_DISABLED_NO_LONGER_AVAILABLE_REPOSITORY
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogErrorCodes.java:11:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PRODUCT_NOT_AVAILABLE_IN_REPOSITORY
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogErrorCodes.java:12:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PRODUCT_IS_DISABLED_NO_LONGER_AVAILABLE_REPOSITORY
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogErrorCodes.java:13:	Avoid excessively long variable names like STATE_NOT_AVAILABLE_IN_REPOSITORY
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogErrorCodes.java:14:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SITE_NOT_AVAILABLE_IN_REPOSITORY
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogErrorCodes.java:15:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CREDIT_CARD_NOT_AVAILABLE_IN_REPOSITORY
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogErrorCodes.java:16:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CHILD_PRODUCTS_NOT_PRESENT_FOR_COLLECTION_PRODUCT
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogErrorCodes.java:17:	Avoid excessively long variable names like NO_GIFT_CARD_FOR_SHIPPING_ID_IN_REPOSITORY
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogErrorCodes.java:18:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SHIPPING_METHOD_NOT_CONFIGURED_FOR_SITE_IN_REPOSITORY
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogErrorCodes.java:19:	Avoid excessively long variable names like DEFAULT_SHIPPING_METHOD_NOT_CONFIGURED_FOR_SITE_IN_REPOSITORY
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogErrorCodes.java:20:	Avoid excessively long variable names like UNABLE_TO_RETRIEVE_DATA_FROM_REPOSITORY_EXCEPTION
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogErrorCodes.java:22:	Avoid excessively long variable names like TIMEZONE_NOT_AVAILABLE_IN_REPOSITORY
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogErrorCodes.java:23:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SHIPPING_METHOD_NOT_AVAILABLE_IN_REPOSITORY
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogErrorCodes.java:24:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REGISTRY_NOT_AVAILABLE_IN_REPOSITORY
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogErrorCodes.java:25:	Avoid excessively long variable names like INPUT_PARAMETER_IS_NULL
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogErrorCodes.java:26:	Avoid excessively long variable names like BRAND_ID_NOT_AVAILABLE_IN_REPOSITORY
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogErrorCodes.java:27:	Avoid excessively long variable names like BRAND_NOT_APPLICABLE_FOR_THE_ANY_SITE
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogErrorCodes.java:28:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PROMOTIONID_DOES_NOT_EXIST_FOR_GIVEN_COUPONID
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogErrorCodes.java:29:	Avoid excessively long variable names like INVENTORY_INFO_NOT_AVAILABLE_IN_REPOSITORY_FOR_GIVEN_SKUID
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogErrorCodes.java:30:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SCHOOL_ID_NOT_AVAILABLE_IN_REPOSITORY
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogErrorCodes.java:31:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CATEGORY_IS_NOT_COLLEGE_CATEGORY
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogErrorCodes.java:32:	Avoid excessively long variable names like NO_GIFT_CARD_PRODUCT_AVAILABLE_IN_REPOSITORY
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogErrorCodes.java:33:	Avoid excessively long variable names like NO_SKU_AVAILABLE_IN_REPOSITORY_FOR_GIVEN_COLLEGE_ID
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogErrorCodes.java:34:	Avoid excessively long variable names like NO_PARENT_PRODUCT_FOR_SKU_IN_REPOSITORY
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogErrorCodes.java:35:	Avoid excessively long variable names like NO_BOPUS_ELIGIBLE_STATE_AVAILABLE_IN_REPOSITORY
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogErrorCodes.java:36:	Avoid excessively long variable names like NO_PARENT_CATEGORY_FOR_PRODUCT_IN_REPOSITORY
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogErrorCodes.java:37:	Avoid excessively long variable names like STORE_NOT_AVAILABLE_IN_REPOSITORY
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogErrorCodes.java:38:	Avoid excessively long variable names like COMMERCE_ROOT_NOT_AVAILABLE_IN_REPOSITORY
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogErrorCodes.java:39:	Avoid excessively long variable names like NO_DEFAULT_COLLEGE_ID_FOR_SITE
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogErrorCodes.java:40:	Avoid excessively long variable names like NO_STORES_AVAILABLE_FOR_CANADA_IN_REPOSITORY
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogErrorCodes.java:41:	Avoid excessively long variable names like NO_ECO_FEE_SKU_AVAILABLE_FOR_SKU
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogErrorCodes.java:42:	Avoid excessively long variable names like NO_ECO_FEE_STATE_AVAILABLE_FOR_SKU
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogErrorCodes.java:43:	Avoid excessively long variable names like NO_PRODUCT_FOR_SKU
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogErrorCodes.java:44:	Avoid excessively long variable names like NO_ACTIVE_PRODUCT_FOR_SKU
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogErrorCodes.java:45:	Avoid excessively long variable names like MORE_ECO_FEE_SKUS_AVAILABLE_FOR_SKU
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogErrorCodes.java:46:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CONFIG_KEYS_NOT_AVAILABLE
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogErrorCodes.java:47:	Avoid excessively long variable names like NO_CHILD_SKU_AVAILABLE_FOR_PRODUCT
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogErrorCodes.java:48:	Avoid excessively long variable names like BOPUS_SKU_IS_DISABLED_NO_LONGER_AVAILABLE
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogErrorCodes.java:49:	Avoid excessively long variable names like INVENTORY_ITEMS_UNAVAILABLE
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogErrorCodes.java:50:	Avoid excessively long variable names like UNABLE_TO_MARSHALL
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogErrorCodes.java:51:	Avoid excessively long variable names like UNABLE_TO_UPDATE_REPOSITORY_REPOSITORY_EXCEPTION
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogErrorCodes.java:52:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REPOSITORY_NOT_CONFIGURED_REPOSITORY_EXCEPTION
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogErrorCodes.java:53:	Avoid excessively long variable names like UNABLE_TO_FETCH_DATA_REPOSITORY_EXCEPTION
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogErrorCodes.java:54:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CERTONA_FEED_FILE_NOT_CONFIGURED
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogErrorCodes.java:55:	Avoid excessively long variable names like NO_DATA_FOR_CATEGORY_FEED
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogErrorCodes.java:56:	Avoid excessively long variable names like NO_DATA_FOR_PRODUCT_FEED
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogErrorCodes.java:57:	Avoid excessively long variable names like INPUT_OUTPUT_EXCEPTION
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogErrorCodes.java:60:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ROOT_COLLEGE_ID_NOT_FOUND
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogErrorCodes.java:61:	Avoid excessively long variable names like NO_APPLICABLE_CATEGORY_NAMES_FOR_GIVEN_REGISTRY
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogErrorCodes.java:62:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REGISTRY_TYPE_NOT_AVAILABLE_IN_REGISTRY_CATALOG_MAP_REPOSITORY
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogErrorCodes.java:63:	Avoid excessively long variable names like NO_ACTIVE_SKU_FOR_MAX_INVENTORY
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogErrorCodes.java:64:	Avoid excessively long variable names like NO_PRODUCT_AVAILABLE_IN_REPOSITORY_FOR_GIVEN_COLLEGE_ID
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogErrorCodes.java:65:	Avoid excessively long variable names like BUSSINESS_EXCEPTION_COLLEGE_DORM_ROOM
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogErrorCodes.java:66:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SCANNED_SKU_NOT_IN_THE_SYSTEM
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogErrorCodes.java:68:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PRICEING_EXCEPTION_DROPLET_SERVLET_EXCEPTION
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogErrorCodes.java:69:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PRICEING_EXCEPTION_DROPLET_IO_EXCEPTION
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogErrorCodes.java:70:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PRICEING_EXCEPTION_DROPLET_INPUT_ERROR
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogErrorCodes.java:71:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REGISTRY_INFO_EXCEPTION_SERVLET_EXCEPTION
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogErrorCodes.java:72:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REGISTRY_INFO_EXCEPTION_IO_EXCEPTION
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogErrorCodes.java:73:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REGISTRY_DETAIL_EXCEPTION_SERVLET_EXCEPTION
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogErrorCodes.java:74:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REGISTRY_DETAIL_EXCEPTION_IO_EXCEPTION
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogErrorCodes.java:75:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REGISTRY_DETAIL_INPUT_EXCEPTION
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogErrorCodes.java:76:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REGISTRY_DETAIL_EXCEPTION_PRICELIST_EXCEPTION
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogErrorCodes.java:77:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REGISTRY_SEARCH_EXCEPTION_IO_EXCEPTION
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogErrorCodes.java:78:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REGISTRY_SEARCH_EXCEPTION_SERVLET_EXCEPTION
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogErrorCodes.java:79:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REGISTRY_SEARCH_EXCEPTION_SYSTEM_EXCEPTION
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogErrorCodes.java:80:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REGISTRY_SEARCH_EXCEPTION_BUSSINESS_EXCEPTION
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogErrorCodes.java:83:	Avoid excessively long variable names like err_fetch_sku_detail
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogErrorCodes.java:83:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'err_fetch_sku_detail' is not all capitals.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogErrorCodes.java:84:	Avoid excessively long variable names like err_fetch_Sku_list_price
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogErrorCodes.java:84:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'err_fetch_Sku_list_price' is not all capitals.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogErrorCodes.java:85:	Avoid excessively long variable names like err_fetch_Sku_Sale_price
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogErrorCodes.java:85:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'err_fetch_Sku_Sale_price' is not all capitals.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogErrorCodes.java:86:	Avoid excessively long variable names like err_fetch_Sku_Inventory
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogErrorCodes.java:86:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'err_fetch_Sku_Inventory' is not all capitals.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogErrorCodes.java:87:	Avoid excessively long variable names like TRANSACTION_DEMARCATION_EXCEPTION
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogErrorCodes.java:88:	Avoid excessively long variable names like MAX_GIFT_CARD_LIMIT_REACHED
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogErrorCodes.java:89:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_ORDER_AMOUNT_COVERED_BY_GC
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogErrorCodes.java:90:	Avoid excessively long variable names like COMMERCE_EXCEPTION
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogErrorCodes.java:91:	Avoid excessively long variable names like FEED_PRICE_LIST_EXCEPTION
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogErrorCodes.java:92:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERROR_MSG_NOT_NULL
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogErrorCodes.java:93:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GET_BRIDAL_SHOWS_IO_EXCEPTION
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogErrorCodes.java:94:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GET_BRIDAL_SHOWS_SERVLET_EXCEPTION
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogErrorCodes.java:95:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GET_HartNHANKS_URL_IO_EXCEPTION
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogErrorCodes.java:95:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'GET_HartNHANKS_URL_IO_EXCEPTION' is not all capitals.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogErrorCodes.java:96:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GET_HartNHANKS_URL_SERVLET_EXCEPTION
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogErrorCodes.java:96:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'GET_HartNHANKS_URL_SERVLET_EXCEPTION' is not all capitals.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogErrorCodes.java:99:	Avoid excessively long variable names like BRIDAL_TOOLKIT_REGISTRY_SYSTEM_EXCEPTION
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogErrorCodes.java:100:	Avoid excessively long variable names like BRIDAL_TOOLKIT_REGISTRY_IO_EXCEPTION
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogErrorCodes.java:101:	Avoid excessively long variable names like NO_STORES_AVAILABLE_FOR_USA_IN_REPOSITORY
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogErrorCodes.java:103:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFT_WRAP_SKU_SYSTEM_EXCEPTION
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogErrorCodes.java:104:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFT_WRAP_SKU_IO_EXCEPTION
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogErrorCodes.java:105:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFT_WRAP_SKU_BUSSINESS_EXCEPTION
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogErrorCodes.java:106:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CATEGORY_CHAT_DETAILS_EXCEPTION
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogErrorCodes.java:107:	Avoid excessively long variable names like BUSSINESS_EXCEPTION_CATEGORY_CHAT
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogErrorCodes.java:108:	Avoid excessively long variable names like BBBSYSTEM_EXCEPTION_CATEGORY_CHAT
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogErrorCodes.java:110:	Avoid excessively long variable names like NO_SUCH_PAGE_ORDER_DEFINED
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogErrorCodes.java:111:	Avoid excessively long variable names like err_fetch_time_zones
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogErrorCodes.java:111:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'err_fetch_time_zones' is not all capitals.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogErrorCodes.java:112:	Avoid excessively long variable names like UNABLE_TO_ADD_DATA_IN_REPOSITORY_EXCEPTION
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogErrorCodes.java:113:	Avoid excessively long variable names like UNABLE_TO_CREATE_RECORD_IN_REPOSITORY_EXCEPTION
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogErrorCodes.java:114:	Avoid excessively long variable names like OWNER_IS_NOT_ASSOCIATED_WITH_THIS_REGISTRY
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogErrorCodes.java:115:	Avoid excessively long variable names like COOWNER_IS_NOT_ASSOCIATED_WITH_THIS_REGISTRY
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogErrorCodes.java:116:	Avoid excessively long variable names like NO_BOPUS_DISABLED_STATE_AVAILABLE_IN_REPOSITORY
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogStartupCache.java:17:	The class 'BBBCatalogStartupCache' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 15).
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogStartupCache.java:19:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CATALOG_CACHE_QUERIES
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogStartupCache.java:37:	Parameter 'pRangeCount' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogStartupCache.java:51:	Parameter 'pPoolSize' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogStartupCache.java:65:	Parameter 'pSkuThresholdsRql' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogStartupCache.java:79:	Parameter 'pCatalogTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogStartupCache.java:91:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'viewName' (lines '91'-'98').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogStartupCache.java:91:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'viewName' (lines '91'-'98').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogStartupCache.java:91:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'viewName' (lines '91'-'98').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogStartupCache.java:91:	The method 'startCatalogCaching' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 15.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogStartupCache.java:94:	Local variable 'cachingQueries' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogStartupCache.java:100:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogStartupCache.java:100:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'newQueryThread' (lines '100'-'155').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogStartupCache.java:100:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'newQueryThread' (lines '100'-'155').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogStartupCache.java:100:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'newQueryThread' (lines '100'-'155').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogStartupCache.java:100:	Local variable 'newQueryThread' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogStartupCache.java:113:	Parameter 'query' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogStartupCache.java:114:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'itemCount' (lines '114'-'126').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogStartupCache.java:114:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'itemCount' (lines '114'-'126').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogStartupCache.java:114:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'itemCount' (lines '114'-'126').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogStartupCache.java:118:	Avoid calling toString() on String objects; this is unnecessary.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogStartupCache.java:195:	Avoid unused private methods such as 'cacheSkuThresholds()'.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogStartupCache.java:195:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'sku' (lines '195'-'213').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogStartupCache.java:195:	The method 'cacheSkuThresholds' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 12.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogStartupCache.java:198:	Local variable 'cachingQueries' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogStartupCache.java:201:	Local variable 'rqlQuery' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogStartupCache.java:205:	Local variable 'skus' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogStartupCache.java:208:	Avoid excessively long variable names like countSkuThresholds
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogStartupCache.java:208:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'countSkuThresholds' (lines '208'-'218').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogStartupCache.java:208:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'countSkuThresholds' (lines '208'-'244').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogStartupCache.java:209:	Local variable 'sku' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogStartupCache.java:210:	Local variable 'statement' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogStartupCache.java:211:	Local variable 'view' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogStartupCache.java:212:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogStartupCache.java:212:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'params' (lines '212'-'213').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogStartupCache.java:216:	Local variable 'skuThresholds' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogStartupCache.java:217:	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogStartupCache.java:222:	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogStartupCache.java:247:	Local variable 'totalMemory' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogStartupCache.java:248:	Local variable 'freeMemory' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:5:	A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:5:	High amount of different objects as members denotes a high coupling
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:5:	This class has a bunch of public methods and attributes
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:103:	Avoid really long classes.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:103:	The class 'BBBCatalogToolsImpl' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 6 (Highest = 47).
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:103:	The type has an NCSS line count of 5174
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:103:	This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:103:	Too many fields
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:105:	Avoid excessively long variable names like KEY_NOT_FOUND_FOR_PREVIEW_ENABLED
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:107:	Avoid variables with short names like ID
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:112:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shippingRepository
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:113:	Avoid excessively long variable names like promotionRepository
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:115:	Avoid excessively long variable names like schoolVerRepository
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:117:	Avoid excessively long variable names like configureRepository
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:119:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pageOrderRepository
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:122:	Avoid excessively long variable names like bazaarVoiceRepository
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:123:	Avoid excessively long variable names like attributeInfoRepository
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:124:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shippingCostRqlQuery
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:125:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shippingFeeRqlQuery
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:126:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shippingFeeRqlQueryForNullState
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:127:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shipGrpFreeShipAttrMap
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:128:	Avoid excessively long variable names like rollUpSkuPropertyMap
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:129:	Avoid excessively long variable names like freeShipAttrShipGrpMap
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:130:	Avoid excessively long variable names like stateNoOfDaysThanNormalMap
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:135:	Avoid excessively long variable names like collegeCategoryQuery
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:136:	Avoid excessively long variable names like giftCertProductQuery
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:138:	Avoid excessively long variable names like bopusEligibleStateQuery
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:139:	Avoid excessively long variable names like bopusInEligibleStoreQuery
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:140:	Avoid excessively long variable names like bopusDisabledStoreQuery
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:141:	Avoid excessively long variable names like bopusDisalbedStateQuery
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:143:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mProfilePriceListPropertyName
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:146:	Avoid excessively long variable names like maxProductsPerCollegeKey
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:149:	Avoid excessively long variable names like collegeConfigKeyCanada
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:154:	Avoid excessively long variable names like exceptionalDeliveryDateStatesList
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:155:	Avoid excessively long variable names like prop65AttributesList
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:156:	Avoid excessively long variable names like specialPurchaseAttrID
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:159:	Avoid excessively long variable names like dormRoomCollectionCatId
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:162:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mSearchStoreManager
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:163:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mBbbManagedCatalogRepository
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:165:	Avoid excessively long variable names like collegeCategoryKey
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:167:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mProductGuideRqlQuery
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:168:	Avoid excessively long variable names like creditCardCountryRepository
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:206:	Avoid excessively long variable names like creditCardCountryRepository
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:229:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pProductGuideRqlQuery
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:271:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pBbbManagedCatalogRepository
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:285:	Avoid excessively long variable names like dormRoomCollectionCatId
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:305:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pSearchStoreManager
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:313:	Avoid excessively long variable names like freeShipAttrShipGrpMap
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:325:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pAttributeInfoRepository
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:325:	Parameter 'pAttributeInfoRepository' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:339:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pageOrderRepository
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:344:	Avoid excessively long variable names like environmentIdentifier
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:356:	Avoid excessively long variable names like environmentIdentifier
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:370:	Avoid excessively long variable names like stateNoOfDaysThanNormalMap
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:384:	Avoid excessively long variable names like exceptionalDeliveryDateStatesList
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:398:	Avoid excessively long variable names like prop65AttributesList
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:447:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shipGrpFreeShipAttrMap
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:468:	Avoid excessively long variable names like maxProductsPerCollegeKey
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:524:	Avoid excessively long variable names like bopusInEligibleStoreQuery
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:538:	Avoid excessively long variable names like bopusEligibleStateQuery
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:566:	Avoid excessively long variable names like giftCertProductQuery
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:597:	Avoid excessively long variable names like collegeCategoryQuery
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:611:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pBazaarVoiceRepository
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:625:	Avoid excessively long variable names like promotionRepository
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:660:	Avoid excessively long variable names like schoolVerRepository
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:667:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shippingFeeRqlQueryForNullState
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:682:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shippingCostRqlQuery
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:712:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shippingRepository
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:738:	Parameter 'idgen' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:752:	Avoid excessively long variable names like rollUpSkuPropertyMap
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:767:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shippingFeeRqlQuery
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:866:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pProfilePriceListPropertyName
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:930:	Avoid excessively long variable names like collegeConfigKeyCanada
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:930:	Parameter 'collegeConfigKeyCanada' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:944:	Parameter 'couponRepository' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:960:	Parameter 'storesQuery' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:974:	Avoid excessively long variable names like collegeCategoryKey
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:974:	Parameter 'collegeCategoryKey' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:992:	Parameter 'siteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:992:	Parameter 'skuId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:993:	Avoid excessively long variable names like calculateAboveBelowLine
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:993:	Parameter 'calculateAboveBelowLine' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:993:	Parameter 'includeStoreItems' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:993:	Parameter 'isMinimal' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:995:	The String literal "] pSkuId[" appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 995
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:1006:	The String literal "Repository Item is null for sku id " appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 1,006
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:1010:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isStoreSku' (lines '1,010'-'1,012').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:1036:	Parameter 'skuRepositoryItem' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:1036:	The method 'getMinimalSku' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:1036:	The method getMinimalSku() has an NPath complexity of 768
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:1105:	Parameter 'siteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:1105:	Parameter 'skuId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:1106:	Avoid excessively long variable names like calculateAboveBelowLine
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:1106:	Parameter 'calculateAboveBelowLine' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:1114:	The String literal " getSKUDetails" appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 1,114
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:1117:	The String literal "Repository Item is null for skuId " appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 1,117
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:1153:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'itemRebateKey' (lines '1,153'-'1,188').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:1153:	Parameter 'siteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:1153:	Parameter 'skuId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:1153:	The method 'getSKUDetails' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 16.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:1153:	The method getSKUDetails() has an NPath complexity of 270
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:1170:	Local variable 'sKUDetailVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:1176:	The String literal "onSale" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 1,176
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:1179:	Avoid excessively long variable names like attributeNameRepoItemMap
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:1179:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'attributeNameRepoItemMap' (lines '1,179'-'1,180').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:1183:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'rebateFlag' (lines '1,183'-'1,189').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:1183:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'rebateFlag' (lines '1,183'-'1,229').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:1184:	Avoid excessively long variable names like rebateAttributeKeyList
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:1184:	Local variable 'rebateAttributeKeyList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:1186:	Local variable 'rebateKeys' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:1188:	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:1210:	Local variable 'skuAttributesMap' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:1242:	Parameter 'date' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:1242:	Parameter 'siteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:1242:	The method 'isPackNHoldWindow' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 14.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:1242:	The method isPackNHoldWindow() has an NPath complexity of 204
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:1244:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isPackNHoldWindow' (lines '1,244'-'1,279').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:1244:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'isPackNHoldWindow' (lines '1,244'-'1,297').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:1256:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:1257:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isPackNHold' (lines '1,257'-'1,262').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:1258:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'packNHoldStart' (lines '1,258'-'1,268').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:1259:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'packNHoldEnd' (lines '1,259'-'1,273').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:1279:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'isPackNHoldWindow' (lines '1,279'-'1,297').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:1314:	Parameter 'siteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:1314:	Parameter 'skuId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:1314:	The method 'getSkuThreshold' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 15.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:1319:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'thresholdVO' (lines '1,319'-'1,389').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:1319:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'thresholdVO' (lines '1,319'-'1,394').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:1319:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'thresholdVO' (lines '1,319'-'1,411').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:1324:	Avoid excessively long variable names like thresholdRepositoryItem
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:1325:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'params' (lines '1,325'-'1,326').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:1326:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'params' (lines '1,326'-'1,327').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:1342:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'jdaDept' (lines '1,342'-'1,348').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:1343:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'jdaSubDept' (lines '1,343'-'1,358').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:1344:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'jdaClass' (lines '1,344'-'1,370').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:1347:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:1356:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:1368:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:1377:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'params' (lines '1,377'-'1,378').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:1378:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'params' (lines '1,378'-'1,379').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:1379:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'params' (lines '1,379'-'1,380').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:1389:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'thresholdVO' (lines '1,389'-'1,411').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:1394:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'thresholdVO' (lines '1,394'-'1,411').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:1413:	Avoid excessively long variable names like thresholdRepositoryItem
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:1413:	Parameter 'thresholdRepositoryItem' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:1437:	Parameter 'siteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:1437:	Parameter 'skuId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:1437:	The method 'isSKUBelowLine' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 16.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:1437:	The method isSKUBelowLine() has an NPath complexity of 1570
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:1441:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'skuRepositoryItem' (lines '1,441'-'1,446').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:1443:	Avoid excessively long variable names like isForceBelowLineSKu
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:1443:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isForceBelowLineSKu' (lines '1,443'-'1,456').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:1443:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'isForceBelowLineSKu' (lines '1,443'-'1,529').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:1472:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ecomFullfillment' (lines '1,472'-'1,479').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:1472:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'ecomFullfillment' (lines '1,472'-'1,529').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:1543:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'nonShippableStatesRepositoryItem' (lines '1,543'-'1,568').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:1543:	Parameter 'pSiteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:1543:	The method 'getNonShippableStatesForSku' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:1544:	Parameter 'pSkuId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:1550:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'stateVOList' (lines '1,550'-'1,593').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:1559:	The String literal "unchecked" appears 68 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 1,559
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:1560:	Avoid excessively long variable names like nonShippableStatesRepoItemSet
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:1566:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'stateVO' (lines '1,566'-'1,568').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:1566:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'stateVO' (lines '1,566'-'1,593').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:1567:	Avoid excessively long variable names like nonShippableStatesRepositoryItem
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:1567:	Local variable 'nonShippableStatesRepositoryItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:1570:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:1595:	Parameter 'attributeId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:1595:	Parameter 'product' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:1595:	Parameter 'siteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:1609:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'attributeMap' (lines '1,609'-'1,610').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:1622:	Parameter 'product' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:1622:	Parameter 'siteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:1627:	Parameter 'product' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:1627:	Parameter 'siteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:1632:	Parameter 'product' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:1632:	Parameter 'siteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:1636:	Parameter 'shippingMethodId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:1636:	Parameter 'siteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:1636:	Parameter 'skuId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:1636:	The method 'isFreeShipping' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:1644:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:1645:	When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:1648:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:1650:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:1651:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'attributeMap' (lines '1,651'-'1,652').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:1692:	Parameter 'shippingMethodId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:1692:	Parameter 'siteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:1692:	The method 'getShippingFee' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 18.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:1692:	The method getShippingFee() has an NPath complexity of 352
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:1693:	Parameter 'stateId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:1693:	Parameter 'subTotalAmount' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:1702:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'shippingFee' (lines '1,702'-'1,742').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:1702:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'shippingFee' (lines '1,702'-'1,762').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:1707:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shippingRepositoryItem
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:1707:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'shippingRepositoryItem' (lines '1,707'-'1,715').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:1708:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'params' (lines '1,708'-'1,709').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:1709:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'params' (lines '1,709'-'1,710').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:1710:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'params' (lines '1,710'-'1,711').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:1711:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'params' (lines '1,711'-'1,762').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:1723:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'lowerLimit' (lines '1,723'-'1,729').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:1723:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'lowerLimit' (lines '1,723'-'1,762').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:1724:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'upperLimit' (lines '1,724'-'1,735').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:1724:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'upperLimit' (lines '1,724'-'1,762').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:1773:	Parameter 'siteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:1773:	Parameter 'skuId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:1821:	Parameter 'pSiteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:1821:	Parameter 'pSkuId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:1821:	Parameter 'shippingMethodId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:1830:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'surcharge' (lines '1,830'-'1,851').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:1830:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'surcharge' (lines '1,830'-'1,865').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:1895:	Parameter 'pCategoryId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:1895:	Parameter 'pSiteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:1895:	The method 'getCategoryDetail' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 14.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:1895:	The method getCategoryDetail() has an NPath complexity of 292
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:1908:	Local variable 'repositoryView' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:1909:	Local variable 'queryBuilder' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:1910:	Avoid excessively long variable names like expressionProperty
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:1910:	Local variable 'expressionProperty' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:1911:	Local variable 'expressionValue' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:1913:	Local variable 'query' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:1914:	Local variable 'items' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:1920:	Avoid excessively long variable names like categoryRepositoryItem
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:1920:	Local variable 'categoryRepositoryItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:1931:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'subcategoryVO' (lines '1,931'-'1,935').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:1931:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'subcategoryVO' (lines '1,931'-'1,970').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:1939:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:1949:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'childProductsList' (lines '1,949'-'1,970').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:1980:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'catVO1' (lines '1,980'-'2,015').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:1980:	Parameter 'pSiteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:1980:	The method 'getClearanceProducts' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 22.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:1980:	The method getClearanceProducts() has an NPath complexity of 248
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:1981:	Parameter 'pCategoryId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:1990:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'productCount' (lines '1,990'-'2,029').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:1994:	The String literal " getClearanceProducts" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 1,994
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:1995:	Avoid excessively long variable names like listOfClearanceKeys
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:2011:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:2014:	Local variable 'catVO1' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:2054:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'iterationCount' (lines '2,054'-'2,075').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:2084:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'productList' (lines '2,084'-'2,091').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:2086:	Local variable 'key' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:2088:	Avoid excessively long variable names like listOfClearanceCatItems
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:2088:	Local variable 'listOfClearanceCatItems' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:2090:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0) with calls to isEmpty()
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:2110:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'catVO1' (lines '2,110'-'2,147').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:2110:	Parameter 'pSiteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:2110:	The method 'getClearanceCollections' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 23.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:2110:	The method getClearanceCollections() has an NPath complexity of 296
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:2111:	Parameter 'pCategoryId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:2120:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'productCount' (lines '2,120'-'2,160').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:2125:	Avoid excessively long variable names like listOfClearanceKeys
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:2141:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:2144:	Local variable 'catVO1' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:2145:	Avoid excessively long variable names like collectionProductVO
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:2145:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'collectionProductVO' (lines '2,145'-'2,153').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:2145:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'collectionProductVO' (lines '2,145'-'2,156').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:2145:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'collectionProductVO' (lines '2,145'-'2,208').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:2146:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'productVO' (lines '2,146'-'2,150').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:2146:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'productVO' (lines '2,146'-'2,208').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:2156:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:2185:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'iterationCount' (lines '2,185'-'2,208').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:2216:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'catVO' (lines '2,216'-'2,222').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:2216:	Parameter 'clearanceCatVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:2216:	Parameter 'lastNodecatVOs' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:2221:	Local variable 'catVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:2238:	Parameter 'siteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:2245:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'giftProductItem' (lines '2,245'-'2,247').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:2246:	Avoid excessively long variable names like giftCardproductVOList
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:2246:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'giftCardproductVOList' (lines '2,246'-'2,274').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:2277:	Parameter 'pProductId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:2277:	Parameter 'pSiteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:2282:	Parameter 'minimal' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:2282:	Parameter 'pProductId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:2282:	Parameter 'pSiteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:2304:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:2304:	Parameter 'isAddException' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:2304:	Parameter 'isMinimalDetails' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:2304:	Parameter 'pProductId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:2304:	Parameter 'pSiteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:2304:	Parameter 'populateRollUp' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:2304:	The method 'getProductDetails' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 20.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:2304:	The method getProductDetails() has an NPath complexity of 920
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:2312:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'startTime' (lines '2,312'-'2,412').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:2318:	Avoid excessively long variable names like productRepositoryItem
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:2330:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isCollection' (lines '2,330'-'2,334').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:2331:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isLeadProduct' (lines '2,331'-'2,339').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:2345:	Avoid excessively long variable names like childProductsRelationList
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:2349:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'childProdItem' (lines '2,349'-'2,357').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:2349:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'childProdItem' (lines '2,349'-'2,412').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:2350:	Avoid excessively long variable names like childProdRollUpTypesItem
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:2350:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'childProdRollUpTypesItem' (lines '2,350'-'2,368').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:2350:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'childProdRollUpTypesItem' (lines '2,350'-'2,412').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:2351:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'subProductVO' (lines '2,351'-'2,369').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:2351:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'subProductVO' (lines '2,351'-'2,412').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:2352:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'childProductId' (lines '2,352'-'2,362').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:2352:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'childProductId' (lines '2,352'-'2,412').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:2353:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'giftFlag' (lines '2,353'-'2,359').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:2359:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'giftFlag' (lines '2,359'-'2,359').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:2367:	Avoid excessively long variable names like skuRepositoryItems
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:2367:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'skuRepositoryItems' (lines '2,367'-'2,367').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:2367:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'skuRepositoryItems' (lines '2,367'-'2,412').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:2372:	Avoid excessively long variable names like childProductrollUpAttribute
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:2387:	Local variable 'prodGuideId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:2439:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'propertyName' (lines '2,439'-'2,466').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:2439:	Parameter 'productId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:2439:	Parameter 'siteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:2439:	The method 'getSKUDetails' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 12.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:2440:	Avoid excessively long variable names like rollUpTypeValueMap
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:2440:	Parameter 'rollUpTypeValueMap' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:2449:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'propertyNameList' (lines '2,449'-'2,506').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:2450:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'propertyValueList' (lines '2,450'-'2,506').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:2454:	Avoid excessively long variable names like productRepositoryItem
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:2459:	Avoid excessively long variable names like skuRepositoryItems
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:2464:	Local variable 'propertyName' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:2466:	When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:2471:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'skuPropertyValue' (lines '2,471'-'2,471').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:2471:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'skuPropertyValue' (lines '2,471'-'2,476').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:2471:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'skuPropertyValue' (lines '2,471'-'2,506').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:2473:	Local variable 'isActive' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:2514:	Parameter 'siteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:2514:	The method 'getCollegeCollections' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 17.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:2515:	Parameter 'categoryId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:2527:	Avoid excessively long variable names like collegeCollectionList
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:2528:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'params' (lines '2,528'-'2,529').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:2533:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'childProducts' (lines '2,533'-'2,540').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:2534:	Avoid excessively long variable names like productRepositoryItem
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:2534:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'productRepositoryItem' (lines '2,534'-'2,543').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:2535:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isActive' (lines '2,535'-'2,544').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:2536:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isCollection' (lines '2,536'-'2,550').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:2537:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isLeadProduct' (lines '2,537'-'2,556').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:2545:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'productId' (lines '2,545'-'2,545').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:2545:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'productId' (lines '2,545'-'2,589').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:2565:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:2594:	Parameter 'siteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:2594:	The method 'getDormRoomCollections' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 15.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:2595:	Parameter 'categoryId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:2607:	Avoid excessively long variable names like collegeCollectionList
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:2612:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'childProducts' (lines '2,612'-'2,617').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:2613:	Avoid excessively long variable names like productRepositoryItem
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:2613:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'productRepositoryItem' (lines '2,613'-'2,620').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:2614:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isActive' (lines '2,614'-'2,621').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:2615:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isCollection' (lines '2,615'-'2,627').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:2616:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isLeadProduct' (lines '2,616'-'2,633').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:2642:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:2678:	Local variable 'keyDormCollection' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:2679:	Local variable 'dormRoomId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:2690:	Parameter 'pSiteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:2690:	Parameter 'skuId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:2732:	Parameter 'pSiteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:2732:	Parameter 'skuId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:2782:	Parameter 'siteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:2789:	Avoid excessively long variable names like registryTypeVOList
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:2790:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:2792:	Avoid excessively long variable names like registryRepositoryItem
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:2795:	Local variable 'registryRepoItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:2798:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:2825:	Parameter 'siteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:2835:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shippingMethodRepositoryItem
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:2864:	Parameter 'siteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:2864:	Parameter 'stateId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:2864:	The method 'isNexusState' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 12.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:2886:	Avoid excessively long variable names like nexusStateRepositoryItem
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:2886:	Local variable 'nexusStateRepositoryItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:2921:	Parameter 'siteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:2927:	Avoid excessively long variable names like paymentCardRepositoryItemList
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:2932:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:2934:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:2935:	Avoid excessively long variable names like paymentCardRepoItem
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:2935:	Local variable 'paymentCardRepoItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:2937:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:2981:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'stateVOList'
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:2993:	Avoid excessively long variable names like showMilitaryStates
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:2993:	Parameter 'showMilitaryStates' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:2993:	Parameter 'siteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:3007:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:3008:	Local variable 'stateRepoitem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:3056:	Parameter 'siteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:3065:	Avoid excessively long variable names like giftWrapProductItem
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:3127:	Local variable 'siteId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:3151:	Parameter 'siteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:3155:	Avoid excessively long variable names like commonGreetingsMap
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:3193:	Parameter 'siteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:3193:	Parameter 'skuId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:3193:	The method 'getShippingMethodsForSku' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 12.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:3210:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shipMethodVOListForSite
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:3212:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:3214:	Avoid excessively long variable names like applicableShipMethodSet
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:3216:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:3217:	Avoid excessively long variable names like applicableShipMethod
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:3217:	Local variable 'applicableShipMethod' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:3219:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:3230:	Avoid excessively long variable names like eligibleShipMethodSet
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:3235:	Avoid excessively long variable names like eligibleShipMethods
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:3235:	Local variable 'eligibleShipMethods' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:3237:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:3262:	Parameter 'shippingMethodId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:3262:	Parameter 'siteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:3266:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shippingRepositoryItem
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:3295:	Parameter 'couponId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:3297:	Avoid excessively long variable names like promotionRepositoryItem
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:3302:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:3331:	Parameter 'firstRollUpType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:3331:	Parameter 'firstRollUpValue' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:3331:	Parameter 'productId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:3331:	Parameter 'secondRollUpType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:3331:	The method 'getRollUpList' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 18.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:3331:	The method getRollUpList() has an NPath complexity of 1164
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:3343:	Avoid excessively long variable names like secondRollUpAttribute
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:3355:	Avoid excessively long variable names like skuRepositoryItems
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:3362:	Avoid excessively long variable names like propertyValueFromMap
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:3362:	When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:3368:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:3370:	Avoid excessively long variable names like secondPropertyValueFromMap
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:3370:	When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:3371:	Avoid excessively long variable names like secondPropertyValue
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:3432:	Parameter 'collegeId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:3432:	Parameter 'siteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:3432:	The method 'getCollegeProduct' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 12.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:3447:	Avoid excessively long variable names like collegeProductsList
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:3447:	Local variable 'collegeProductsList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:3455:	Avoid excessively long variable names like maxProductsPerCollege
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:3457:	Avoid excessively long variable names like collegeProductItem
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:3499:	Parameter 'repository' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:3499:	Parameter 'rqlQuery' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:3499:	Parameter 'viewName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:3505:	Parameter 'rqlQuery' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:3505:	Parameter 'viewName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:3517:	Parameter 'siteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:3517:	Parameter 'skuId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:3543:	The String literal "Input parameter siteId is null" appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 3,543
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:3559:	Parameter 'siteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:3604:	Parameter 'siteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:3604:	The method 'getCollegeIdForSite' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:3616:	Avoid excessively long variable names like categoryRepositoryItem
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:3655:	Parameter 'skuId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:3662:	The String literal " getParentProductForSku" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 3,662
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:3668:	Local variable 'parentProduct' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:3671:	Avoid excessively long variable names like productRepositoryItem
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:3671:	Local variable 'productRepositoryItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:3701:	Avoid excessively long variable names like activeParentNotReqd
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:3701:	Parameter 'activeParentNotReqd' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:3701:	Parameter 'skuId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:3719:	Local variable 'parentProduct' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:3722:	Avoid excessively long variable names like productRepositoryItem
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:3722:	Local variable 'productRepositoryItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:3747:	Parameter 'skuId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:3747:	The method 'getSkuImages' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 13.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:3747:	The method getSkuImages() has an NPath complexity of 125004
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:3759:	Local variable 'skuImages' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:3761:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:3763:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:3766:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:3768:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:3770:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:3776:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:3801:	Parameter 'pSiteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:3829:	Parameter 'key' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:3848:	Parameter 'promotionCode' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:3848:	Parameter 'skuId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:3848:	The method 'isSkuExcluded' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 24.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:3848:	The method isSkuExcluded() has an NPath complexity of 2547
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:3864:	Local variable 'skuRepositoryItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:3871:	Local variable 'vendorId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:3874:	Local variable 'jdaClass' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:3895:	Local variable 'ruleSkuId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:3896:	Local variable 'ruleVendorId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:3897:	Local variable 'ruleDeptId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:3898:	Local variable 'ruleSubDeptId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:3899:	Local variable 'ruleClass' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:3956:	Parameter 'productId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:3956:	Parameter 'siteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:3956:	The method 'getMaxInventorySKUForProduct' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:3958:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:3960:	Avoid excessively long variable names like productRepositoryItem
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:3960:	Local variable 'productRepositoryItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:3962:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:3963:	Local variable 'skuRepositoryItems' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:3964:	Avoid excessively long variable names like skuRepositoryItems
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:3966:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:3967:	Local variable 'skuIds' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:3968:	Local variable 'skuId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:3977:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:4007:	Parameter 'siteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:4009:	Avoid excessively long variable names like siteChatAttributesVO
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:4009:	Local variable 'siteChatAttributesVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:4015:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pdpChatOverrideFlag
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:4017:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pdpDaasOverrideFlag
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:4028:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:4030:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:4032:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:4034:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:4036:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:4060:	Parameter 'siteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:4065:	Local variable 'timeZoneList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:4071:	Local variable 'timeZoneRepItems' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:4073:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:4074:	Local variable 'timeZoneRepoitem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:4091:	Parameter 'siteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:4095:	Avoid excessively long variable names like customerCareEmailAddress
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:4125:	Avoid excessively long variable names like configKeysForConfigType
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:4126:	Local variable 'allConfigKeys' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:4128:	Avoid excessively long variable names like configRepositoryItems
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:4135:	Local variable 'query' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:4138:	Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:4139:	Local variable 'itemConfigType' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:4169:	Avoid excessively long variable names like bbbManRepositorySortOptItems
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:4176:	Local variable 'query' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:4180:	Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:4181:	Local variable 'sortCode' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:4182:	Local variable 'sortURLParam' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:4185:	When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:4200:	Parameter 'brandId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:4200:	Parameter 'siteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:4200:	The method 'getBrandDetails' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 14.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:4208:	Avoid excessively long variable names like brandRepositoryItem
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:4218:	Local variable 'bbbSites' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:4220:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:4221:	Local variable 'siteRepoItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:4225:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:4265:	Parameter 'siteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:4300:	Parameter 'schoolId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:4305:	Avoid excessively long variable names like schoolRepositoryItem
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:4306:	Avoid excessively long variable names like schoolVerRepositoryItem
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:4312:	The String literal " getSchoolDetails" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 4,312
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:4319:	Local variable 'schoolIdRepo' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:4322:	Local variable 'statement' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:4336:	Local variable 'stateVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:4359:	Local variable 'promotionItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:4393:	Parameter 'schoolSeoName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:4397:	Avoid excessively long variable names like schoolRepositoryItem
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:4398:	Avoid excessively long variable names like schoolVerRepositoryItem
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:4406:	Local variable 'statement' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:4414:	Local variable 'schoolIdRepoItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:4415:	Local variable 'schoolIdRepo' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:4429:	Local variable 'stateVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:4452:	Local variable 'promotionItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:4482:	Parameter 'pProductId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:4484:	Avoid excessively long variable names like bazaarVoiceProductVO
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:4484:	Local variable 'bazaarVoiceProductVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:4488:	Avoid excessively long variable names like bazaarVProductRepoItem
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:4493:	Local variable 'repositoryView' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:4494:	Local variable 'queryBuilder' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:4495:	Avoid excessively long variable names like expressionProperty
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:4495:	Local variable 'expressionProperty' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:4496:	Local variable 'expressionValue' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:4498:	Local variable 'query' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:4499:	Local variable 'items' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:4546:	Parameter 'pProductId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:4546:	Parameter 'siteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:4546:	The method 'getBazaarVoiceDetails' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:4548:	Avoid excessively long variable names like bazaarVoiceProductVO
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:4548:	Local variable 'bazaarVoiceProductVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:4552:	Avoid excessively long variable names like bazaarVProductRepoItem
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:4557:	Local variable 'repositoryView' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:4558:	Local variable 'queryBuilder' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:4560:	Local variable 'productIdProperty' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:4561:	Local variable 'productIdValue' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:4562:	Local variable 'productIdquery' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:4564:	Local variable 'siteIdProperty' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:4565:	Local variable 'siteIdValue' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:4566:	Local variable 'siteIdquery' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:4569:	Local variable 'subqueries' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:4570:	Local variable 'combinedQuery' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:4573:	Local variable 'items' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:4616:	Local variable 'canadaStoreList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:4619:	Local variable 'storeItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:4625:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:4625:	Local variable 'logDebug' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:4652:	Parameter 'categoryId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:4652:	Parameter 'siteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:4663:	Avoid excessively long variable names like categoryRepositoryItem
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:4663:	Local variable 'categoryRepositoryItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:4667:	Local variable 'childProducts' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:4688:	Parameter 'couponId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:4689:	Avoid excessively long variable names like promotionRepositoryItem
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:4689:	Local variable 'promotionRepositoryItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:4704:	Parameter 'siteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:4704:	The method 'getBopusEligibleStates' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:4713:	Avoid excessively long variable names like allStateRepoItemsList
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:4714:	Avoid excessively long variable names like allBopusExcludedStateItemsList
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:4715:	Avoid excessively long variable names like allBopusExcludedStates
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:4716:	Avoid excessively long variable names like allBopusStateItemIdList
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:4718:	Local variable 'allStateRepoItems' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:4720:	Avoid excessively long variable names like siteRepositoryItem
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:4720:	Local variable 'siteRepositoryItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:4729:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:4748:	Avoid excessively long variable names like bopusStateRepoItem
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:4748:	Local variable 'bopusStateRepoItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:4775:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:4775:	Parameter 'orderDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:4775:	Parameter 'siteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:4775:	Parameter 'state' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:4775:	The method 'getExpectedDeliveryDate' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 22.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:4775:	The method getExpectedDeliveryDate() has an NPath complexity of 6667
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:4781:	The String literal " getExpectedDeliveryDate" appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 4,781
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:4783:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shippingDurationItem
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:4783:	Local variable 'shippingDurationItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:4784:	Local variable 'calCurrentDate' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:4785:	Local variable 'minDate' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:4786:	Local variable 'maxDate' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:4787:	Local variable 'cutOffTime' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:4788:	Local variable 'calCutOffTime' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:4812:	Local variable 'holidayCount' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:4835:	Local variable 'extraNoOfDays' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:4839:	Local variable 'debug' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:4841:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:4847:	Local variable 'shippingDuration' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:4936:	Parameter 'date' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:4936:	Parameter 'holidays' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:4937:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0) with calls to isEmpty()
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:4938:	Local variable 'holiday' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:4939:	Local variable 'calHoliday' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:4960:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:4960:	Parameter 'shippingMethod' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:4960:	Parameter 'siteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:4960:	Parameter 'state' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:4960:	The method 'getExpectedDeliveryDate' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 19.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:4960:	The method getExpectedDeliveryDate() has an NPath complexity of 645
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:4968:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shippingDurationItem
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:4968:	Local variable 'shippingDurationItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:4969:	Local variable 'calCurrentDate' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:4970:	Local variable 'minDate' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:4971:	Local variable 'maxDate' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:4972:	Local variable 'cutOffTime' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:4973:	Local variable 'calCutOffTime' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:5001:	Local variable 'extraNoOfDays' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:5005:	Local variable 'debug' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:5007:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:5013:	Local variable 'shippingDuration' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:5015:	Local variable 'range' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:5024:	Local variable 'holidayCount' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:5030:	Local variable 'weekEndCount' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:5034:	Local variable 'nonWorkingDays' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:5037:	Avoid excessively long variable names like nonWorkingDaysCount
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:5042:	Avoid excessively long variable names like remainingNonWorkingDays
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:5045:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0) with calls to isEmpty()
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:5064:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0) with calls to isEmpty()
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:5098:	Parameter 'siteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:5100:	Local variable 'holidayList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:5110:	Avoid excessively long variable names like bbbHolidayRepositoryItem
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:5111:	Local variable 'repositoryItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:5112:	Local variable 'holidayDate' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:5113:	Local variable 'callenderDate' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:5115:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:5115:	Local variable 'dateFormat' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:5116:	Local variable 'finalDate' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:5117:	Avoid variables with short names like dt
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:5132:	Parameter 'siteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:5132:	The method 'getWeekEndDays' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:5142:	Avoid excessively long variable names like bbbWeekendsRepositoryItem
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:5143:	Local variable 'set' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:5144:	Local variable 'repositoryItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:5145:	Local variable 'weekEndDays' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:5169:	Parameter 'orderDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:5171:	Local variable 'weekEndList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:5172:	Local variable 'date' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:5176:	Local variable 'dateFormat' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:5179:	Local variable 'weekDay' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:5182:	Local variable 'formattedDate' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:5205:	Parameter 'check' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:5205:	Parameter 'maxDaysToShip' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:5205:	Parameter 'minDaysToShip' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:5205:	Parameter 'nonWorkingDays' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:5205:	Parameter 'siteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:5205:	The method 'getNonWorkingDaysList' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 12.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:5208:	Local variable 'calHolidayDate' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:5210:	Local variable 'maxDeliveryDate' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:5223:	Local variable 'tempHolidayList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:5225:	Local variable 'date' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:5226:	Local variable 'holidayDate' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:5258:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shippingDurationItem
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:5258:	Local variable 'shippingDurationItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:5259:	Local variable 'calCurrentDate' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:5260:	Local variable 'minDate' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:5261:	Local variable 'maxDate' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:5262:	Local variable 'cutOffTime' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:5263:	Local variable 'calCutOffTime' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:5326:	Parameter 'shippingMethod' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:5341:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:5354:	Parameter 'pShippingMethod' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:5354:	Parameter 'pSiteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:5388:	Parameter 'categoryId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:5388:	Parameter 'siteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:5388:	The method 'getParentCategory' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 14.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:5395:	Avoid excessively long variable names like categoryRepositoryItem
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:5397:	Local variable 'categoryVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:5398:	Local variable 'parentCategoryMap' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:5404:	Local variable 'catSiteId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:5405:	The String literal "siteIds" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 5,405
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:5422:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:5422:	Local variable 'childCategoryVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:5464:	Avoid excessively long variable names like categoryRepositoryItem
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:5464:	Parameter 'categoryRepositoryItem' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:5464:	Parameter 'siteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:5466:	Local variable 'parentCategorySet' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:5468:	Avoid excessively long variable names like parentRepositoryItem
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:5468:	Local variable 'parentRepositoryItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:5469:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:5490:	Parameter 'parentCategorySet' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:5490:	Parameter 'siteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:5491:	Avoid excessively long variable names like categoryRepositoryItem
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:5492:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:5494:	Local variable 'catRepo' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:5495:	Local variable 'catSiteId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:5522:	Parameter 'productId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:5522:	Parameter 'siteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:5522:	The method 'getParentCategoryForProduct' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 13.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:5526:	Local variable 'parentCategoryMap' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:5530:	Avoid excessively long variable names like productRepositoryItem
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:5530:	Local variable 'productRepositoryItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:5534:	Local variable 'parentCategorySet' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:5536:	Avoid excessively long variable names like categoryRepositoryItem
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:5538:	Local variable 'categoryVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:5539:	Local variable 'categoryId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:5560:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:5560:	Local variable 'childCategoryVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:5589:	The String literal "Product Id " appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 5,589
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:5617:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:5617:	Parameter 'registryCode' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:5617:	Parameter 'siteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:5617:	Parameter 'skuIdList' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:5617:	The method 'sortSkuByCategory' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 17.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:5625:	Local variable 'defaultCat' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:5629:	Local variable 'skuId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:5633:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:5634:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:5654:	Local variable 'regQuery' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:5655:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:5658:	Local variable 'regTypeItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:5661:	Avoid excessively long variable names like regTypeItemElement
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:5661:	Local variable 'regTypeItemElement' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:5663:	Local variable 'catFrmRegSet' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:5665:	Avoid excessively long variable names like jdaSubDeptFrmSkuItem
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:5665:	Local variable 'jdaSubDeptFrmSkuItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:5666:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:5667:	Local variable 'catFrmRegId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:5669:	Local variable 'catSiteId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:5671:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:5711:	The String literal " in the default category:" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 5,711
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:5753:	Parameter 'key' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:5753:	Parameter 'siteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:5753:	Parameter 'skuId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:5753:	Parameter 'sortedSkuMap' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:5756:	Local variable 'skuVo' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:5762:	Local variable 'skuList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:5777:	Parameter 'registryTypeId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:5789:	Local variable 'regTypeItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:5793:	Local variable 'promoBox' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:5831:	Parameter 'registryTypeId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:5831:	The method 'getCategoryForRegistry' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 14.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:5842:	Local variable 'regTypeItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:5845:	Local variable 'regCatSet' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:5849:	Avoid excessively long variable names like applicableCatRegistry
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:5849:	Local variable 'applicableCatRegistry' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:5851:	Local variable 'regCatMapItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:5852:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:5852:	Local variable 'regCat' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:5897:	Parameter 'regCat' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:5903:	Local variable 'catView' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:5909:	Local variable 'items' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:5912:	Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:5914:	Local variable 'categoryImage' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:5931:	Parameter 'upcCode' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:5951:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:5980:	Parameter 'siteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:5980:	Parameter 'skuId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6009:	Parameter 'registryCode' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6009:	Parameter 'siteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6009:	Parameter 'skuIdPriceMap' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6009:	The method 'sortSkuByPrice' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6028:	Local variable 'skuPriceKey' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6029:	Local variable 'skuId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6030:	Local variable 'skuPrice' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6033:	Local variable 'priceRange' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6035:	Local variable 'min' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6036:	Local variable 'max' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6065:	Parameter 'registryCode' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6068:	Local variable 'priceList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6083:	Local variable 'priceRange' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6106:	Parameter 'registryCode' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6106:	Parameter 'siteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6106:	Parameter 'skuIdList' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6106:	Parameter 'skuIdPriceMap' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6106:	Parameter 'sortType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6121:	Parameter 'siteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6123:	Local variable 'siteVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6125:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6128:	Avoid excessively long variable names like siteRepositoryItem
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6128:	Local variable 'siteRepositoryItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6129:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6153:	Parameter 'storeId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6153:	The method 'getRestStoreDetails' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6172:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6176:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6195:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6200:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6205:	Parameter 'storeDetailsObj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6218:	Local variable 'view' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6220:	Local variable 'statement' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6224:	Local variable 'items' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6227:	Local variable 'specialityItemList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6228:	Avoid excessively long variable names like specialityItemList
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6229:	Local variable 'specialityItemSet' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6232:	Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6237:	Local variable 'specialityVOlist' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6251:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6251:	Parameter 'storeId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6251:	The method 'getStoreDetails' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 47.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6259:	Avoid excessively long variable names like storeRepositoryItem
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6259:	Local variable 'storeRepositoryItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6261:	Local variable 'storeVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6263:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6265:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6267:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6269:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6271:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6275:	Local variable 'provinceCode' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6281:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6283:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6285:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6287:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6289:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6291:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6293:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6299:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6301:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6303:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6305:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6307:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6369:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6376:	Local variable 'specialityItemSet' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6383:	Local variable 'bopusSiteMap' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6386:	Avoid excessively long variable names like storeBopusInfoVOList
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6386:	Local variable 'storeBopusInfoVOList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6387:	Local variable 'siteIdSet' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6388:	Local variable 'siteId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6389:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6389:	Local variable 'storeBopusInfoVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6413:	Parameter 'specialityItemSet' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6413:	The method 'getStoreSpecialityList' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 13.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6413:	The method getStoreSpecialityList() has an NPath complexity of 2049
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6414:	Avoid excessively long variable names like storeSpecialityVOList
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6414:	Local variable 'storeSpecialityVOList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6415:	Local variable 'specialityItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6416:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6416:	Local variable 'storeSpecialityVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6475:	Parameter 'stateCode' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6478:	Avoid excessively long variable names like statesRepositoryItem
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6478:	Local variable 'statesRepositoryItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6490:	Avoid excessively long variable names like rollUpTypesStringList
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6490:	Avoid excessively long variable names like skuRepositoryItems
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6490:	Parameter 'rollUpTypesStringList' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6490:	Parameter 'skuRepositoryItems' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6490:	The method 'getRollUpAttributeForProduct' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 14.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6492:	Local variable 'rollupAttributes' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6494:	Local variable 'rollUpTypes' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6498:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6498:	Local variable 'skuPropertyList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6499:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6499:	Local variable 'rollupValuesList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6502:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6503:	Avoid excessively long variable names like propertyValueFromMap
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6503:	Local variable 'propertyValueFromMap' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6506:	Local variable 'propertyValue' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6522:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6535:	Avoid excessively long variable names like rollUpTypesStringList
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6535:	Parameter 'rollUpTypesStringList' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6538:	Local variable 'rollUpTypes' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6551:	Parameter 'propertyName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6551:	Parameter 'skuRepositoryItem' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6552:	Local variable 'rollupTypeVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6555:	Local variable 'swatchImage' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6556:	Local variable 'swatchImagePath' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6586:	Avoid excessively long variable names like attributeNameRepoItemMap
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6586:	Parameter 'attributeNameRepoItemMap' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6589:	Local variable 'skuAttributesMap' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6592:	Local variable 'attributeNameSet' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6593:	Local variable 'key' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6594:	Avoid excessively long variable names like attributeRepositoryItems
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6594:	Local variable 'attributeRepositoryItems' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6595:	Local variable 'placeHolderString' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6598:	Local variable 'placeHolderList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6600:	Local variable 'placeHolder' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6604:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6608:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6608:	Local variable 'newAttributeList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6609:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6635:	Parameter 'attributeMap' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6635:	Parameter 'siteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6635:	Parameter 'skuRepositoryItem' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6635:	The method 'getSkuAttributeList' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 22.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6651:	Local variable 'skuAttributeRelationSet' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6652:	Avoid excessively long variable names like skuAttributeRelationSet
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6656:	Avoid excessively long variable names like skuAttributeRelationItem
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6656:	Local variable 'skuAttributeRelationItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6658:	Local variable 'siteIdFromRepository' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6659:	Avoid excessively long variable names like siteIdFromRepository
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6664:	Local variable 'startDate' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6665:	Local variable 'endDate' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6666:	Avoid excessively long variable names like skuAttributeRepositoryItem
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6666:	Local variable 'skuAttributeRepositoryItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6672:	Local variable 'startDateOfSku' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6673:	Local variable 'endDateOfSku' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6679:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6686:	The String literal "attribute already in  list  " appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 6,686
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6692:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6705:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6731:	Parameter 'productId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6731:	Parameter 'siteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6731:	The method 'getProductMedia' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 12.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6733:	Local variable 'productMedia' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6735:	Avoid excessively long variable names like productRepositoryItem
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6737:	Local variable 'prdtMediaItemList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6740:	Local variable 'dateFormat' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6747:	Local variable 'prdtMediaRepoItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6748:	Local variable 'startDateOfMedia' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6749:	Local variable 'endDateOfMedia' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6755:	Local variable 'mediaSites' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6757:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mediaApplicableOnCurrSite
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6758:	Local variable 'siteItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6785:	Parameter 'prdtMediaRepoItem' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6786:	Local variable 'mediaVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6816:	Avoid excessively long variable names like attributeNameRepoItemMap
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6816:	Parameter 'attributeNameRepoItemMap' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6819:	Local variable 'prodAttributesMap' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6822:	Local variable 'attributeNameSet' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6823:	Local variable 'key' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6824:	Avoid excessively long variable names like attributeRepositoryItems
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6824:	Local variable 'attributeRepositoryItems' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6827:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6828:	Local variable 'placeHolderList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6830:	Local variable 'placeHolder' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6834:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6838:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6838:	Local variable 'newAttributeList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6839:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6868:	Avoid excessively long variable names like productRepositoryItem
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6868:	Parameter 'attributeMap' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6868:	Parameter 'productRepositoryItem' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6868:	Parameter 'siteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6868:	The method 'getProductAttributeList' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 22.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6881:	Local variable 'productAttributeRelationSet' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6882:	Avoid excessively long variable names like productAttributeRelationSet
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6886:	Avoid excessively long variable names like prodAttributeRelationItem
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6886:	Local variable 'prodAttributeRelationItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6888:	Local variable 'siteIdFromRepository' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6889:	Avoid excessively long variable names like siteIdFromRepository
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6894:	Local variable 'endDate' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6895:	Avoid excessively long variable names like prodAttributeRepositoryItem
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6895:	Local variable 'prodAttributeRepositoryItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6903:	Avoid excessively long variable names like startDateOfProduct
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6903:	Local variable 'startDateOfProduct' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6904:	Local variable 'endDateOfProduct' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6915:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6931:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6946:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6974:	Avoid excessively long variable names like productRepositoryItem
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6974:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6974:	Parameter 'productRepositoryItem' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6974:	Parameter 'siteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6974:	Parameter 'subProductVOList' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6974:	The method 'getCollectionProductVO' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 22.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6974:	The method getCollectionProductVO() has an NPath complexity of 15600
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6986:	Local variable 'skuRepositoryItems' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6987:	Avoid excessively long variable names like skuRepositoryItems
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:6989:	Local variable 'childSkuIdList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:7003:	Avoid excessively long variable names like zoomAttributeKeyList
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:7003:	Local variable 'zoomAttributeKeyList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:7005:	Local variable 'zoomAttributeKeys' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:7006:	Local variable 'zoomKey' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:7023:	Local variable 'skuAttributesMap' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:7032:	Avoid excessively long variable names like rollUpTypesRepositoryItem
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:7032:	Local variable 'rollUpTypesRepositoryItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:7035:	Local variable 'rollUpAttribute' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:7061:	Avoid excessively long variable names like collectionThumbNailPath
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:7061:	Local variable 'collectionThumbNailPath' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:7077:	Avoid excessively long variable names like productRepositoryItem
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:7077:	Parameter 'isMinimalDetails' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:7077:	Parameter 'productRepositoryItem' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:7077:	Parameter 'productVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:7077:	The method 'updateProductBasicDetails' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 22.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:7077:	The method updateProductBasicDetails() has an NPath complexity of 166401
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:7116:	Avoid excessively long variable names like thumbnailImagePath
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:7137:	Avoid excessively long variable names like brandRepositoryItem
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:7178:	Avoid excessively long variable names like categoryRepositoryItem
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:7178:	Parameter 'categoryRepositoryItem' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:7184:	Local variable 'startDate' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:7185:	Local variable 'endDate' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:7211:	Parameter 'categoryId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:7211:	Parameter 'siteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:7211:	The method 'isFirstLevelCategory' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:7219:	Avoid excessively long variable names like categoryRepositoryItem
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:7219:	Local variable 'categoryRepositoryItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:7220:	Local variable 'parent' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:7221:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:7222:	Local variable 'parentCategorySet' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:7225:	Local variable 'parentCatItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:7231:	Local variable 'configKey' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:7232:	Local variable 'commerceRootCatId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:7259:	Parameter 'pStateId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:7269:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:7304:	Parameter 'pSkuId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:7304:	Parameter 'pStateId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:7304:	The method 'getEcoFeeSKUDetailForState' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 17.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:7311:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:7313:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:7318:	Local variable 'ecoFeeSKURelationList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:7319:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ecoFeeSKURelationList
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:7320:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:7321:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ecoFeeSKURelationItem
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:7321:	Local variable 'ecoFeeSKURelationItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:7381:	Parameter 'pStoreId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:7382:	Local variable 'methodName' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:7384:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:7385:	The String literal "Entering  " appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 7,385
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:7386:	Avoid excessively long variable names like storeRepositoryItem
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:7386:	Local variable 'storeRepositoryItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:7418:	Parameter 'pSkuId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:7418:	Parameter 'pStoreId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:7419:	Local variable 'methodName' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:7423:	Avoid excessively long variable names like storeRepositoryItem
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:7423:	Local variable 'storeRepositoryItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:7449:	Parameter 'pSkuId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:7449:	The method 'getFirstActiveParentProductForSKU' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 17.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:7451:	Local variable 'methodName' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:7452:	Avoid excessively long variable names like parentActiveProductFound
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:7454:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:7459:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:7465:	Local variable 'logDebug' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:7469:	Local variable 'parentProductList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:7471:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:7472:	Local variable 'parentProductItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:7491:	Local variable 'logDebug' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:7523:	Parameter 'registryCode' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:7523:	Parameter 'siteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:7534:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:7536:	Avoid excessively long variable names like registryRepositoryItem
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:7539:	Local variable 'registryRepoItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:7577:	Avoid excessively long variable names like productRepositoryItem
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:7577:	Parameter 'productRepositoryItem' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:7577:	The method 'isProductActive' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:7583:	Local variable 'startDate' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:7584:	Local variable 'endDate' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:7615:	Avoid excessively long variable names like productRepositoryItem
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:7615:	Parameter 'productRepositoryItem' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:7615:	Parameter 'siteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:7615:	The method 'isProductActive' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 13.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:7616:	Local variable 'assocSites' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:7625:	Local variable 'startDate' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:7626:	Local variable 'endDate' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:7659:	Parameter 'skuRepositoryItem' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:7659:	The method 'isSkuActive' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 12.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:7707:	Parameter 'skuId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:7725:	Parameter 'skuRepositoryItem' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:7725:	The method 'isSkuActiveForStore' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 12.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:7772:	Parameter 'siteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:7772:	Parameter 'skuRepositoryItem' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:7772:	The method 'isSkuActive' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 14.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:7782:	Local variable 'assocSites' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:7819:	Parameter 'isSkuBelowLine' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:7819:	Parameter 'siteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:7819:	Parameter 'skuRepositoryItem' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:7819:	The method 'getSKUDetailVO' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 21.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:7819:	The method getSKUDetailVO() has an NPath complexity of 1720
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:7821:	Local variable 'sKUDetailVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:7832:	Avoid excessively long variable names like attributeNameRepoItemMap
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:7838:	Avoid excessively long variable names like rebateAttributeKeyList
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:7838:	Local variable 'rebateAttributeKeyList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:7840:	Local variable 'rebateKeys' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:7841:	Local variable 'itemRebateKey' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:7857:	Avoid excessively long variable names like zoomAttributeKeyList
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:7857:	Local variable 'zoomAttributeKeyList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:7875:	Local variable 'skuAttributesMap' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:7884:	Avoid excessively long variable names like nonShippableStates
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:7884:	Local variable 'nonShippableStates' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:7888:	Local variable 'statesString' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:7889:	Avoid excessively long variable names like nonShippableStatesSize
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:7889:	Local variable 'nonShippableStatesSize' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:7922:	Parameter 'skuRepositoryItem' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:7925:	Local variable 'ecoReln' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:7947:	Avoid excessively long variable names like productRepositoryItem
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:7947:	Parameter 'isMinimalDetails' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:7947:	Parameter 'populateRollUp' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:7947:	Parameter 'productRepositoryItem' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:7947:	Parameter 'siteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:7947:	The method 'getProductVO' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 21.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:7947:	The method getProductVO() has an NPath complexity of 1874
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:7958:	Local variable 'skuRepositoryItems' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:7959:	Avoid excessively long variable names like skuRepositoryItems
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:7963:	Local variable 'childSkuIdList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:7978:	Avoid excessively long variable names like rollUpTypesRepositoryItem
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:7978:	Local variable 'rollUpTypesRepositoryItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:7980:	Local variable 'rollUpAttribute' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:7988:	Avoid excessively long variable names like attributeNameRepoItemMap
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:7994:	Avoid excessively long variable names like zoomAttributeKeyList
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:7994:	Local variable 'zoomAttributeKeyList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:7996:	Local variable 'zoomAttributeKeys' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:7997:	Local variable 'zoomKey' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8014:	Local variable 'prodAttributesMap' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8020:	Local variable 'bvReviews' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8023:	Local variable 'prodGuideId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8036:	Parameter 'productVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8036:	Parameter 'siteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8038:	The String literal " is : " appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 8,038
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8039:	Avoid excessively long variable names like setSalePriceDescrip
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8039:	Local variable 'setSalePriceDescrip' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8074:	Avoid excessively long variable names like setSalePriceDescrip
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8074:	Avoid unused method parameters such as 'siteId'.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8074:	Parameter 'productVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8074:	Parameter 'setSalePriceDescrip' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8074:	Parameter 'siteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8074:	Parameter 'type' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8076:	Local variable 'productId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8087:	The String literal "0.00" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 8,087
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8093:	Local variable 'formattedPrice' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8104:	Avoid excessively long variable names like salePriceFormatted
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8104:	Local variable 'salePriceFormatted' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8114:	Parameter 'productVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8116:	Local variable 'skuLowPrice' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8117:	Local variable 'skuHighPrice' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8118:	Local variable 'productId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8122:	Avoid unnecessary if..then..else statements when returning booleans
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8129:	Parameter 'listPrice' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8130:	Local variable 'locale' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8131:	Local variable 'localeObj' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8133:	Local variable 'formatter' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8141:	Parameter 'productId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8141:	Parameter 'skuId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8143:	Local variable 'profile' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8145:	Local variable 'priceList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8147:	Local variable 'price' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8166:	Parameter 'productId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8166:	Parameter 'skuId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8168:	Local variable 'profile' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8170:	Local variable 'priceList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8181:	Avoid excessively long variable names like removedItemException
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8182:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8195:	Parameter 'productId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8195:	Parameter 'skuId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8204:	Local variable 'salePrice' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8224:	Avoid excessively long variable names like productRepositoryItem
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8224:	Parameter 'productRepositoryItem' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8224:	Parameter 'siteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8227:	Local variable 'productTabsList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8228:	Local variable 'productTabsRepositoryItemsList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8229:	Avoid excessively long variable names like productTabsRepositoryItemsList
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8235:	Local variable 'tabRepositoryItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8236:	Local variable 'sitesSet' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8238:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8239:	Local variable 'site' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8240:	Local variable 'tabsSiteId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8243:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8268:	Parameter 'applicableAttrIds' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8271:	Avoid excessively long variable names like freeShipMethodList
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8271:	Local variable 'freeShipMethodList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8274:	Local variable 'freeShipAttrid' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8277:	Local variable 'freeShipMethod' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8279:	Local variable 'shipItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8280:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8280:	Local variable 'shipMethodVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8298:	Parameter 'siteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8298:	Parameter 'skuRepositoryItem' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8298:	The method 'updateRebatesForSku' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8300:	Local variable 'eligibleRebates' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8305:	Local variable 'rebatesRepositoryItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8306:	Avoid excessively long variable names like rebatesRepositoryItem
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8307:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8308:	Avoid excessively long variable names like rebateRepositoryItem
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8308:	Local variable 'rebateRepositoryItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8309:	Local variable 'sitesSet' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8311:	Local variable 'rebateStartDate' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8312:	Local variable 'rebateEndDate' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8313:	Local variable 'siteRepoItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8323:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8338:	Parameter 'params' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8338:	Parameter 'rqlQuery' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8338:	The method 'executeRQLQuery' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8339:	Parameter 'repository' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8339:	Parameter 'viewName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8342:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8343:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8346:	Local variable 'view' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8379:	Avoid excessively long variable names like categoryRepositoryItem
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8379:	Avoid excessively long variable names like childProductIdList
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8379:	Parameter 'categoryRepositoryItem' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8379:	Parameter 'childProductIdList' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8379:	Parameter 'subcategoryVOList' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8382:	Local variable 'categoryVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8391:	Local variable 'categoryImage' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8400:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8411:	Local variable 'seoURL' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8430:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8430:	Parameter 'pCategoryVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8430:	The method 'getBccManagedCategory' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 22.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8430:	The method getBccManagedCategory() has an NPath complexity of 222
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8432:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8433:	Local variable 'sortOptionList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8434:	Local variable 'sortOptions' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8435:	Local variable 'sortOption' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8440:	Avoid excessively long variable names like bbbManagedCategoryDetails
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8440:	Local variable 'bbbManagedCategoryDetails' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8446:	Local variable 'siteDefSortOpt' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8448:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8449:	Local variable 'isChatEnable' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8456:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8466:	Avoid excessively long variable names like bbbManagedRepositoryItem
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8466:	Local variable 'bbbManagedRepositoryItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8467:	Local variable 'sortRepositoryItems' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8468:	Avoid excessively long variable names like sortRepositoryItems
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8471:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8487:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8489:	Local variable 'sortItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8490:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8490:	Local variable 'sortOptionVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8499:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8500:	Local variable 'sortItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8501:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8501:	Local variable 'sortOptionVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8511:	Avoid excessively long variable names like displayAskAndAnswer
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8511:	Local variable 'displayAskAndAnswer' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8518:	Local variable 'sortItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8519:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8519:	Local variable 'sortOptionVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8546:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8558:	Avoid excessively long variable names like categorySeoLinkGenerator
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8571:	Parameter 'seoLinkGenerator' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8576:	Avoid excessively long variable names like statesRepositoryItem
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8576:	Parameter 'pSiteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8576:	Parameter 'statesRepositoryItem' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8579:	Local variable 'isNexusState' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8585:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8585:	Local variable 'stateName' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8641:	Parameter 'skuId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8644:	Local variable 'skuMap' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8646:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8655:	Local variable 'prop65Attribute' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8682:	Local variable 'values' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8703:	Local variable 'previewAttributes' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8714:	Parameter 'sku' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8716:	Local variable 'jdaClass' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8717:	Local variable 'rql' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8720:	Local variable 'statement' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8739:	Avoid excessively long variable names like specialPurchaseAttrID
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8739:	Parameter 'specialPurchaseAttrID' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8753:	Parameter 'beyondValueAttrID' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8767:	Parameter 'clearenceAttrID' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8772:	Parameter 'skuId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8777:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8792:	Parameter 'pSiteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8792:	Parameter 'pSkuId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8792:	Parameter 'pZipCode' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8792:	The method 'isShippingZipCodeRestrictedForSku' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 20.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8796:	Avoid excessively long variable names like splitRestrictedZipCode
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8798:	Local variable 'zipCodeSaperater' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8801:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8806:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8807:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8809:	Local variable 'regionItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8810:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8812:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8816:	Local variable 'zipCode' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8825:	The String literal "No Zip Code available for Sku :" appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 8,825
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8831:	The String literal "and current site " appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 8,831
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8876:	Parameter 'pSkuId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8876:	Parameter 'pZipCode' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8876:	The method 'getRestrictedSkuDetails' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 14.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8884:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8886:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8887:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8889:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8890:	Local variable 'zipRepositoryItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8891:	Avoid excessively long variable names like restrictedZipCodes
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8891:	Local variable 'restrictedZipCodes' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8892:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8944:	Parameter 'pSiteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8944:	Parameter 'pSkuId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8944:	The method 'isSkuWithRestrictedShipping' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 12.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8949:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8955:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8956:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8958:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:8960:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:9013:	Parameter 'pSkuId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:9013:	The method 'getFirstActiveParentProductForInactiveSKU' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 14.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:9015:	Local variable 'methodName' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:9016:	Avoid excessively long variable names like parentActiveProductFound
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:9018:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:9023:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:9027:	Local variable 'logDebug' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:9031:	Local variable 'parentProductList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:9033:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:9034:	Local variable 'parentProductItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:9078:	Parameter 'mZipCodeSaperater' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:9087:	Local variable 'storeList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:9090:	Local variable 'storeItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:9096:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:9096:	Local variable 'logDebug' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:9118:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:9118:	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:9140:	Parameter 'pSiteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:9140:	Parameter 'pStoreId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:9141:	Avoid excessively long variable names like bopusInEligibleStores
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:9141:	Local variable 'bopusInEligibleStores' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:9142:	Avoid excessively long variable names like bopusRepositoryItem
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:9149:	Local variable 'bopusSiteMap' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:9153:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:9170:	Parameter 'pBrandName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:9181:	Avoid excessively long variable names like brandRepositoryItem
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:9189:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:9211:	Parameter 'collegeCategory' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:9211:	The method 'getSortedCollegeCategory' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:9225:	Local variable 'attributes' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:9229:	Local variable 'subCategories' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:9230:	Local variable 'sortedCategories' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:9232:	Local variable 'category' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:9233:	Local variable 'categoryVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:9250:	The method 'getBeddingShipAddress' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 15.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:9250:	The method getBeddingShipAddress() has an NPath complexity of 774
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:9251:	Parameter 'schoolId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:9255:	Avoid excessively long variable names like schoolRepositoryItem
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:9258:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:9266:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:9273:	Local variable 'schoolVerItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:9276:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:9278:	Local variable 'dateformat' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:9291:	Avoid excessively long variable names like stateRepositoryItem
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:9291:	Local variable 'stateRepositoryItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:9304:	Local variable 'shippingStartDate' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:9308:	Local variable 'shippingEndDate' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:9343:	Parameter 'collegeIdValue' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:9343:	Parameter 'shipGrpList' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:9343:	The method 'validateBedingKitAtt' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 20.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:9349:	Avoid excessively long variable names like attributeApplicable
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:9350:	Avoid excessively long variable names like beddingAttributeId
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:9354:	Local variable 'bbbSGCIRelList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:9357:	Local variable 'bbbSGCIRelItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:9358:	Local variable 'catalogRefItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:9360:	Local variable 'skuAttrRelnIdsSet' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:9363:	Local variable 'skuAttrRelnIds' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:9368:	Local variable 'skuAttribute' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:9371:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:9371:	Local variable 'dateFormat' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:9372:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:9372:	Local variable 'previewDate' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:9373:	Local variable 'startDateOfSku' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:9374:	Local variable 'endDateOfSku' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:9418:	Parameter 'pCollegeId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:9419:	Local variable 'methodName' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:9429:	Parameter 'beddingShiptDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:9429:	Parameter 'currentDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:9444:	Parameter 'pCurrentDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:9444:	Parameter 'pShippingEndDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:9446:	Local variable 'dateformat' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:9447:	Local variable 'shippingEndDate' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:9448:	Local variable 'currentDate' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:9459:	Avoid excessively long variable names like productRepositoryItem
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:9459:	Parameter 'productRepositoryItem' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:9459:	Parameter 'siteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:9461:	Avoid excessively long variable names like productShopGuideId
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:9461:	Local variable 'productShopGuideId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:9465:	Avoid excessively long variable names like guideRepositoryItem
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:9466:	Local variable 'guidesView' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:9467:	Avoid excessively long variable names like fetchGuideIdStatement
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:9467:	Local variable 'fetchGuideIdStatement' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:9501:	Parameter 'pPageName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:9504:	Local variable 'tabList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:9516:	Local variable 'tabItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:9519:	Local variable 'pRepItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:9540:	Parameter 'productId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:9546:	Avoid excessively long variable names like productRepositoryItem
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:9546:	Local variable 'productRepositoryItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:9552:	Avoid excessively long variable names like categoryRepositoryItem
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:9552:	Local variable 'categoryRepositoryItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:9580:	Parameter 'categoryId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:9586:	Local variable 'siteId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:9594:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:9621:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:9631:	Local variable 'attributeRepoItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:9632:	Local variable 'pAttrValue' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:9667:	Avoid excessively long variable names like calculateAboveBelowLine
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:9667:	Parameter 'calculateAboveBelowLine' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:9667:	Parameter 'pAddException' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:9667:	Parameter 'siteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:9667:	Parameter 'skuId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:9716:	Parameter 'pCountryCode' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:9716:	The method 'getCountriesInfoForCreditCard' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:9719:	Local variable 'countryNamList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:9720:	Local variable 'countryCodList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:9728:	Local variable 'countryMap' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:9729:	Local variable 'countryItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:9732:	Local variable 'countryName' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:9734:	Local variable 'countryCode' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:9736:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:9737:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:9771:	Parameter 'parentCategorySet' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:9771:	Parameter 'siteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:9772:	Avoid excessively long variable names like categoryRepositoryItem
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:9772:	Local variable 'categoryRepositoryItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:9773:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:9775:	Local variable 'catRepo' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:9776:	Local variable 'catSiteId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:9800:	Parameter 'productId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:9800:	Parameter 'siteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:9800:	The method 'getAllParentCategoryForProduct' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:9803:	Local variable 'parentCategoryMap' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:9805:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:9809:	Avoid excessively long variable names like productRepositoryItem
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:9809:	Local variable 'productRepositoryItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:9811:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:9813:	Local variable 'parentCategorySet' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:9815:	Avoid excessively long variable names like categoryRepositoryItemList
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:9815:	Local variable 'categoryRepositoryItemList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:9817:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:9818:	Local variable 'catRepoItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:9819:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:9819:	Local variable 'categoryVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:9820:	Local variable 'categoryId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:9871:	Parameter 'pCategoryList' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:9871:	Parameter 'pCriteria' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:9875:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:9879:	Local variable 'categoryVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:9915:	Parameter 'pCategoryList' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:9915:	Parameter 'pCriteria' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:9919:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:9923:	Local variable 'categoryVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:9961:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:9961:	Method names should not start with capital letters
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:9961:	Parameter 'pCategoryId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:9961:	Parameter 'pPoc' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:9961:	Parameter 'pProductId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:9961:	Parameter 'pSiteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:9961:	The method 'PDPAttributes' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 18.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:9964:	Local variable 'pdpAttributesVo' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:9966:	Avoid excessively long variable names like siteChatAttributesVO
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:9971:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pdpChatOverrideFlag
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:9973:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pdpDaasOverrideFlag
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:9976:	Avoid excessively long variable names like isDisplayAskAndAnswerEnabled
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:10022:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:10046:	Local variable 'category' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:10051:	Use bitwise inversion to invert boolean values
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:10093:	Parameter 'pSiteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:10096:	Avoid excessively long variable names like siteChatAttributesVO
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:10127:	Parameter 'pProductId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:10127:	Parameter 'pSiteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:10127:	The method 'getShopSimilarItemCategory' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 14.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:10131:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:10134:	Avoid excessively long variable names like similarProductsIgnoreList
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:10134:	Local variable 'similarProductsIgnoreList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:10135:	Local variable 'parentCategoryMap' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:10136:	Local variable 'categoryList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:10156:	Local variable 'categoryVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:10191:	Parameter 'siteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:10194:	Avoid excessively long variable names like similarProductsIgnoreList
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:10194:	Local variable 'similarProductsIgnoreList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:10204:	Local variable 'similarProductsIgnoreListRepItems' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:10205:	Avoid excessively long variable names like similarProductsIgnoreListRepItems
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:10206:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:10207:	Avoid excessively long variable names like similarProductsIgnoreListRepItem
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:10207:	Local variable 'similarProductsIgnoreListRepItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:10237:	Local variable 'stateRepoItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:10241:	Local variable 'bopusStatesList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:10249:	Local variable 'stateDesc' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:10285:	Avoid excessively long variable names like getBopusDisabledStores
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:10285:	Local variable 'getBopusDisabledStores' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:10286:	Avoid excessively long variable names like bopusRepositoryItem
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:10315:	Avoid excessively long variable names like bopusDisabledStoreQuery
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:10315:	Parameter 'bopusDisabledStoreQuery' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:10329:	Avoid excessively long variable names like bopusDisalbedStateQuery
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BBBCatalogToolsImpl.java:10329:	Parameter 'bopusDisalbedStateQuery' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BazaarVoiceManager.java:29:	The class 'BazaarVoiceManager' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 2 (Highest = 14).
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BazaarVoiceManager.java:31:	Avoid excessively long variable names like failedProductIdList
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BazaarVoiceManager.java:32:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mBazaarVoiceRepository
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BazaarVoiceManager.java:33:	Avoid excessively long variable names like scheduledRepository
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BazaarVoiceManager.java:51:	Avoid excessively long variable names like scheduledRepository
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BazaarVoiceManager.java:65:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pBazaarVoiceRepository
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BazaarVoiceManager.java:80:	Avoid excessively long variable names like failedProductIdList
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BazaarVoiceManager.java:162:	The method 'createUpdateProductBV' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 14.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BazaarVoiceManager.java:168:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bazaarVoiceItem' (lines '168'-'181').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BazaarVoiceManager.java:170:	Avoid excessively long variable names like lstProductBazaarVoice
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BazaarVoiceManager.java:175:	Avoid excessively long variable names like bazaarVoiceProductVO
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BazaarVoiceManager.java:178:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'createNew' (lines '178'-'192').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BazaarVoiceManager.java:259:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'productId' (lines '259'-'264').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BazaarVoiceManager.java:284:	Avoid excessively long variable names like schedulerStartDate
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BazaarVoiceSchedulerJob.java:14:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.commerce.catalog.vo.BazaarVoiceVO'
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BazaarVoiceSchedulerJob.java:14:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.commerce.catalog.vo.BazaarVoiceVO'
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BazaarVoiceSchedulerJob.java:42:	Parameter 'typeOfFeed' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BazaarVoiceSchedulerJob.java:59:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mBazaarVoiceManager
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BazaarVoiceSchedulerJob.java:60:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mBazaarVoiceUnMarshaller
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BazaarVoiceSchedulerJob.java:73:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pBazaarVoiceManager
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BazaarVoiceSchedulerJob.java:73:	Parameter 'pBazaarVoiceManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BazaarVoiceSchedulerJob.java:89:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pBazaarVoiceUnMarshaller
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BazaarVoiceSchedulerJob.java:89:	Parameter 'pBazaarVoiceUnMarshaller' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BazaarVoiceSchedulerJob.java:94:	Parameter 'pScheduler' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BazaarVoiceSchedulerJob.java:106:	Parameter 'pSchedule' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BazaarVoiceSchedulerJob.java:130:	Parameter 'pSchedulerEnabled' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BazaarVoiceSchedulerJob.java:151:	Parameter 'pJob' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BazaarVoiceSchedulerJob.java:151:	Parameter 'pScheduler' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BazaarVoiceSchedulerJob.java:184:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'status' (lines '184'-'190').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BazaarVoiceSchedulerJob.java:187:	Avoid excessively long variable names like schedulerStartDate
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BazaarVoiceUnMarshaller.java:11:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.Iterator'
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BazaarVoiceUnMarshaller.java:11:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.Iterator'
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BazaarVoiceUnMarshaller.java:21:	Avoid unused imports such as 'org.apache.commons.lang.StringUtils'
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BazaarVoiceUnMarshaller.java:21:	Avoid unused imports such as 'org.apache.commons.lang.StringUtils'
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BazaarVoiceUnMarshaller.java:27:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.constants.BBBCoreConstants'
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BazaarVoiceUnMarshaller.java:27:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.constants.BBBCoreConstants'
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BazaarVoiceUnMarshaller.java:34:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.utils.BBBUtility'
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BazaarVoiceUnMarshaller.java:34:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.utils.BBBUtility'
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BazaarVoiceUnMarshaller.java:42:	The class 'BazaarVoiceUnMarshaller' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 21).
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BazaarVoiceUnMarshaller.java:44:	Avoid excessively long variable names like siteFeedConfiguration
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BazaarVoiceUnMarshaller.java:46:	Avoid excessively long variable names like feedFileArchivePath
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BazaarVoiceUnMarshaller.java:47:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mBazaarVoiceManager
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BazaarVoiceUnMarshaller.java:50:	Avoid excessively long variable names like archiveFilePathKey
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BazaarVoiceUnMarshaller.java:66:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pBazaarVoiceManager
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BazaarVoiceUnMarshaller.java:92:	Avoid excessively long variable names like archiveFilePathKey
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BazaarVoiceUnMarshaller.java:112:	Parameter 'feedFilePath' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BazaarVoiceUnMarshaller.java:120:	Avoid excessively long variable names like feedFileArchivePath
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BazaarVoiceUnMarshaller.java:120:	Parameter 'feedFileArchivePath' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BazaarVoiceUnMarshaller.java:128:	Avoid excessively long variable names like siteFeedConfiguration
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BazaarVoiceUnMarshaller.java:128:	Parameter 'siteFeedConfiguration' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BazaarVoiceUnMarshaller.java:140:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BazaarVoiceUnMarshaller.java:140:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'siteCode' (lines '140'-'153').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BazaarVoiceUnMarshaller.java:140:	The method 'unmarshal' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 21.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BazaarVoiceUnMarshaller.java:140:	The method unmarshal() has an NPath complexity of 10562
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BazaarVoiceUnMarshaller.java:147:	Local variable 'siteCodes' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BazaarVoiceUnMarshaller.java:148:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'fstream' (lines '148'-'160').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BazaarVoiceUnMarshaller.java:149:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'status' (lines '149'-'243').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BazaarVoiceUnMarshaller.java:150:	Avoid excessively long variable names like currentFeedSiteName
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BazaarVoiceUnMarshaller.java:150:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'currentFeedSiteName' (lines '150'-'157').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BazaarVoiceUnMarshaller.java:152:	Local variable 'siteCode' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BazaarVoiceUnMarshaller.java:156:	Local variable 'filePath' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BazaarVoiceUnMarshaller.java:158:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BazaarVoiceUnMarshaller.java:160:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BazaarVoiceUnMarshaller.java:172:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BazaarVoiceUnMarshaller.java:178:	Avoid excessively long variable names like bazaarVoiceProductVO
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BazaarVoiceUnMarshaller.java:178:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BazaarVoiceUnMarshaller.java:179:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'reviewStatistics' (lines '179'-'185').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BazaarVoiceUnMarshaller.java:186:	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BazaarVoiceUnMarshaller.java:196:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'avgOverallRating' (lines '196'-'214').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BazaarVoiceUnMarshaller.java:197:	Avoid excessively long variable names like overallRatingRange
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BazaarVoiceUnMarshaller.java:197:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'overallRatingRange' (lines '197'-'203').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BazaarVoiceUnMarshaller.java:198:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ratingsOnlyReviewCount
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BazaarVoiceUnMarshaller.java:198:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ratingsOnlyReviewCount' (lines '198'-'209').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BazaarVoiceUnMarshaller.java:202:	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BazaarVoiceUnMarshaller.java:208:	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BazaarVoiceUnMarshaller.java:213:	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BazaarVoiceUnMarshaller.java:218:	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BazaarVoiceUnMarshaller.java:243:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'status' (lines '243'-'243').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BazaarVoiceUnMarshaller.java:243:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'status' (lines '243'-'246').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BazaarVoiceUnMarshaller.java:250:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BazaarVoiceUnMarshaller.java:250:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'currentFeedFile' (lines '250'-'269').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BazaarVoiceUnMarshaller.java:251:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isArchive' (lines '251'-'255').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BazaarVoiceUnMarshaller.java:251:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'isArchive' (lines '251'-'269').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BazaarVoiceUnMarshaller.java:252:	Local variable 'archiveFilePath' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BazaarVoiceUnMarshaller.java:255:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'isArchive' (lines '255'-'269').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BazaarVoiceUnMarshaller.java:287:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'fileToMove' (lines '287'-'298').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BazaarVoiceUnMarshaller.java:299:	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BazaarVoiceUnMarshaller.java:319:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'returnValue' (lines '319'-'320').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BazaarVoiceUnMarshaller.java:361:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'fstream' (lines '361'-'372').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/BazaarVoiceUnMarshaller.java:389:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'file' (lines '389'-'395').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/EnvironmentIdentifier.java:11:	Parameter 'penvironmentName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/PreviewAttributes.java:12:	Parameter 'pPreviewDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/droplet/BBBPromotionTools.java:5:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.HashMap'
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/droplet/BBBPromotionTools.java:5:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.HashMap'
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/droplet/BBBPromotionTools.java:7:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.Map'
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/droplet/BBBPromotionTools.java:7:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.Map'
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/droplet/BBBPromotionTools.java:11:	Avoid unused imports such as 'atg.core.util.StringUtils'
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/droplet/BBBPromotionTools.java:11:	Avoid unused imports such as 'atg.core.util.StringUtils'
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/droplet/BBBPromotionTools.java:21:	The class 'BBBPromotionTools' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 16).
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/droplet/BBBPromotionTools.java:36:	Parameter 'pMediaItmKey' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/droplet/BBBPromotionTools.java:50:	Parameter 'pLblTxtTemplate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/droplet/BBBPromotionTools.java:64:	Parameter 'pQuery' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/droplet/BBBPromotionTools.java:83:	Parameter 'pPromId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/droplet/BBBPromotionTools.java:83:	Parameter 'pProperty' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/droplet/BBBPromotionTools.java:83:	The method 'getPromotionCouponKey' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 16.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/droplet/BBBPromotionTools.java:84:	Avoid excessively long variable names like isExpiryDateRequired
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/droplet/BBBPromotionTools.java:84:	Parameter 'isExpiryDateRequired' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/droplet/BBBPromotionTools.java:84:	Parameter 'pCurrSite' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/droplet/BBBPromotionTools.java:84:	Parameter 'pLocale' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/droplet/BBBPromotionTools.java:89:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'cmsValue' (lines '89'-'139').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/droplet/BBBPromotionTools.java:89:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'cmsValue' (lines '89'-'141').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/droplet/BBBPromotionTools.java:89:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'cmsValue' (lines '89'-'144').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/droplet/BBBPromotionTools.java:89:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'cmsValue' (lines '89'-'163').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/droplet/BBBPromotionTools.java:96:	Local variable 'repos' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/droplet/BBBPromotionTools.java:98:	Local variable 'promotionView' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/droplet/BBBPromotionTools.java:100:	Local variable 'statement' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/droplet/BBBPromotionTools.java:101:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'param' (lines '101'-'102').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/droplet/BBBPromotionTools.java:103:	Local variable 'promotionItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/droplet/BBBPromotionTools.java:107:	Local variable 'siteItemObj' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/droplet/BBBPromotionTools.java:109:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isValidSite' (lines '109'-'118').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/droplet/BBBPromotionTools.java:111:	Local variable 'siteItems' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/droplet/BBBPromotionTools.java:112:	Local variable 'itr' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/droplet/BBBPromotionTools.java:115:	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/droplet/BBBPromotionTools.java:118:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isValidSite' (lines '118'-'118').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/droplet/BBBPromotionTools.java:129:	Local variable 'endDate' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/droplet/BBBPromotionTools.java:131:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/droplet/BBBPromotionTools.java:132:	Local variable 'time' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/droplet/BBBPromotionTools.java:135:	Local variable 'date' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/droplet/PromotionLookupDroplet.java:20:	Avoid excessively long variable names like processCouponDroplet
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/droplet/PromotionLookupDroplet.java:38:	Parameter 'pPromTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/droplet/PromotionLookupDroplet.java:54:	Parameter 'pLanguage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/droplet/PromotionLookupDroplet.java:70:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pProcessCouponDroplet
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/droplet/PromotionLookupDroplet.java:70:	Parameter 'pProcessCouponDroplet' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/droplet/PromotionLookupDroplet.java:84:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'promotionId' (lines '84'-'93').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/droplet/PromotionLookupDroplet.java:92:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/droplet/PromotionLookupDroplet.java:107:	Local variable 'promotionDetails' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/droplet/SchoolLookupDroplet.java:18:	The class 'SchoolLookupDroplet' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 10).
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/droplet/SchoolLookupDroplet.java:36:	Parameter 'catalogTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/droplet/SchoolLookupDroplet.java:42:	The method 'service' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/droplet/SchoolLookupDroplet.java:50:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'schoolId' (lines '50'-'54').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/droplet/SchoolLookupDroplet.java:53:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/droplet/SchoolLookupDroplet.java:69:	Local variable 'schoolVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/formhandler/BBBPreviewDateFormHandler.java:20:	Avoid excessively long variable names like VALID_DATE_TIME_EXCEPTION
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/formhandler/BBBPreviewDateFormHandler.java:24:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mPreviewAttributes
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/formhandler/BBBPreviewDateFormHandler.java:31:	Parameter 'pDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/formhandler/BBBPreviewDateFormHandler.java:37:	Parameter 'pTime' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/formhandler/BBBPreviewDateFormHandler.java:43:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pPreviewAttributes
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/formhandler/BBBPreviewDateFormHandler.java:43:	Parameter 'pPreviewAttributes' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/formhandler/BBBPreviewDateFormHandler.java:48:	Parameter 'pRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/formhandler/BBBPreviewDateFormHandler.java:48:	Parameter 'pResponse' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/formhandler/BBBPreviewDateFormHandler.java:50:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'dateFormat' (lines '50'-'64').
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/formhandler/BBBPreviewDateFormHandler.java:50:	Local variable 'dateFormat' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/formhandler/BBBPreviewDateFormHandler.java:54:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/formhandler/BBBPreviewDateFormHandler.java:55:	Local variable 'date' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/formhandler/BBBPreviewDateFormHandler.java:74:	Parameter 'successURL' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/catalog/formhandler/BBBPreviewDateFormHandler.java:86:	Parameter 'errorURL' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/BBBBeddingKitsAddrDroplet.java:17:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.commerce.catalog.BBBCatalogConstants'
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/BBBBeddingKitsAddrDroplet.java:17:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.commerce.catalog.BBBCatalogConstants'
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/BBBBeddingKitsAddrDroplet.java:25:	The class 'BBBBeddingKitsAddrDroplet' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 6 (Highest = 14).
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/BBBBeddingKitsAddrDroplet.java:31:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'SCHOOL_COOKIE' is not final.
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/BBBBeddingKitsAddrDroplet.java:31:	The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/BBBBeddingKitsAddrDroplet.java:31:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'SCHOOL_COOKIE' starts with uppercase character.
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/BBBBeddingKitsAddrDroplet.java:36:	Avoid excessively long variable names like BEDDING_SHIP_ADDR_VO
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/BBBBeddingKitsAddrDroplet.java:52:	Parameter 'pCatalogTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/BBBBeddingKitsAddrDroplet.java:59:	The method 'service' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 14.
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/BBBBeddingKitsAddrDroplet.java:59:	The method service() has an NPath complexity of 400
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/BBBBeddingKitsAddrDroplet.java:66:	Local variable 'dateformat' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/BBBBeddingKitsAddrDroplet.java:67:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'beddingShipAddrVO' (lines '67'-'113').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/BBBBeddingKitsAddrDroplet.java:67:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'beddingShipAddrVO' (lines '67'-'97').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/BBBBeddingKitsAddrDroplet.java:67:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'beddingShipAddrVO' (lines '67'-'126').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/BBBBeddingKitsAddrDroplet.java:68:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'order' (lines '68'-'83').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/BBBBeddingKitsAddrDroplet.java:68:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'order' (lines '68'-'126').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/BBBBeddingKitsAddrDroplet.java:69:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'flagBeddingShip' (lines '69'-'102').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/BBBBeddingKitsAddrDroplet.java:69:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'flagBeddingShip' (lines '69'-'126').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/BBBBeddingKitsAddrDroplet.java:71:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'shipGrpList' (lines '71'-'96').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/BBBBeddingKitsAddrDroplet.java:71:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'shipGrpList' (lines '71'-'126').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/BBBBeddingKitsAddrDroplet.java:72:	Local variable 'date' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/BBBBeddingKitsAddrDroplet.java:73:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'currentDate' (lines '73'-'126').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/BBBBeddingKitsAddrDroplet.java:73:	Local variable 'currentDate' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/BBBBeddingKitsAddrDroplet.java:75:	Local variable 'collegeIdValue' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/BBBBeddingKitsAddrDroplet.java:82:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/BBBBeddingKitsAddrDroplet.java:83:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'order' (lines '83'-'126').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/BBBBeddingKitsAddrDroplet.java:89:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/BBBBeddingKitsAddrDroplet.java:101:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/BBBBillingAddressDroplet.java:41:	The class 'BBBBillingAddressDroplet' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 5 (Highest = 35).
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/BBBBillingAddressDroplet.java:44:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mShippingGroupManager
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/BBBBillingAddressDroplet.java:53:	Parameter 'pAddressAPI' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/BBBBillingAddressDroplet.java:101:	Parameter 'catalogTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/BBBBillingAddressDroplet.java:108:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/BBBBillingAddressDroplet.java:108:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'address' (lines '108'-'178').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/BBBBillingAddressDroplet.java:108:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'address' (lines '108'-'228').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/BBBBillingAddressDroplet.java:108:	The method 'service' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 35.
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/BBBBillingAddressDroplet.java:108:	The method service() has an NPath complexity of 22176
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/BBBBillingAddressDroplet.java:115:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'selectedAddrKey' (lines '115'-'159').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/BBBBillingAddressDroplet.java:116:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'billingAddress' (lines '116'-'137').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/BBBBillingAddressDroplet.java:124:	Avoid excessively long variable names like billingAddrContainer
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/BBBBillingAddressDroplet.java:124:	Local variable 'billingAddrContainer' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/BBBBillingAddressDroplet.java:139:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/BBBBillingAddressDroplet.java:141:	Local variable 'countryMap' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/BBBBillingAddressDroplet.java:142:	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/BBBBillingAddressDroplet.java:154:	Local variable 'sourceKey' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/BBBBillingAddressDroplet.java:166:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'profileAddList' (lines '166'-'258').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/BBBBillingAddressDroplet.java:166:	Local variable 'profileAddList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/BBBBillingAddressDroplet.java:167:	Avoid excessively long variable names like defaultProfileAddress
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/BBBBillingAddressDroplet.java:167:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'defaultProfileAddress' (lines '167'-'197').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/BBBBillingAddressDroplet.java:167:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'defaultProfileAddress' (lines '167'-'258').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/BBBBillingAddressDroplet.java:173:	Local variable 'address' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/BBBBillingAddressDroplet.java:182:	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/BBBBillingAddressDroplet.java:225:	Local variable 'address' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/BBBBillingAddressDroplet.java:230:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/BBBBillingAddressDroplet.java:265:	Parameter 'profile' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/BBBBillingAddressDroplet.java:269:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '269'-'274').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/BBBBillingAddressDroplet.java:288:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'addItem' (lines '288'-'292').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/BBBBillingAddressDroplet.java:288:	Parameter 'address' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/BBBBillingAddressDroplet.java:288:	Parameter 'addressList' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/BBBBillingAddressDroplet.java:289:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '289'-'293').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/BBBBillingAddressDroplet.java:291:	Local variable 'addItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/BBBBillingAddressDroplet.java:293:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '293'-'293').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/BBBBillingAddressDroplet.java:309:	Parameter 'add1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/BBBBillingAddressDroplet.java:309:	Parameter 'add2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/BBBBillingAddressDroplet.java:311:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '311'-'325').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/BBBBillingAddressDroplet.java:345:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'profileAddItem' (lines '345'-'349').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/BBBBillingAddressDroplet.java:345:	Parameter 'addressList' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/BBBBillingAddressDroplet.java:346:	Parameter 'address' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/BBBBillingAddressDroplet.java:348:	Local variable 'profileAddItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/BBBCheckoutProductDetailDroplet.java:29:	The class 'BBBCheckoutProductDetailDroplet' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 5 (Highest = 11).
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/BBBCheckoutProductDetailDroplet.java:47:	Parameter 'catalogTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/BBBCheckoutProductDetailDroplet.java:55:	The method 'service' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/BBBCheckoutProductDetailDroplet.java:59:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'productVO' (lines '59'-'96').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/BBBCheckoutProductDetailDroplet.java:60:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pSKUDetailVO' (lines '60'-'98').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/BBBCheckoutProductDetailDroplet.java:62:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pProductId' (lines '62'-'74').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/BBBCheckoutProductDetailDroplet.java:63:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pSKUId' (lines '63'-'79').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/BBBCheckoutProductDetailDroplet.java:64:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pSiteId' (lines '64'-'87').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/BBBCheckoutProductDetailDroplet.java:65:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pCommItemId' (lines '65'-'81').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/BBBCheckoutProductDetailDroplet.java:81:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'pCommItemId' (lines '81'-'144').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/BBBCheckoutProductDetailDroplet.java:96:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'productVO' (lines '96'-'144').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/BBBCheckoutProductDetailDroplet.java:103:	Avoid excessively long variable names like tempAvailabilityMap
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/BBBCheckoutProductDetailDroplet.java:103:	Local variable 'tempAvailabilityMap' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/BBBCheckoutProductDetailDroplet.java:105:	Local variable 'status' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/BBBCheckoutProductDetailDroplet.java:116:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/BBBCheckoutProductDetailDroplet.java:117:	Avoid excessively long variable names like isCommItemBelowLine
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/BBBCheckoutProductDetailDroplet.java:117:	Local variable 'isCommItemBelowLine' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/BBBCreditCardDisplayDroplet.java:26:	Avoid excessively long variable names like FIFTEEN_DIGIT_CREDIT_CARD_MASK
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/BBBCreditCardDisplayDroplet.java:27:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SIXTEEN_DIGIT_CREDIT_CARD_MASK
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/BBBCreditCardDisplayDroplet.java:28:	Avoid excessively long variable names like MASKED_CREDIT_CARD_NO
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/BBBCreditCardDisplayDroplet.java:43:	Local variable 'creditCardNo' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/BBBCreditCardDisplayDroplet.java:47:	Avoid excessively long variable names like creditCardNolength
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/BBBCreditCardDisplayDroplet.java:47:	Local variable 'creditCardNolength' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/BBBCreditCardDisplayDroplet.java:48:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'lastFourDigits' (lines '48'-'62').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/BBBCreditCardDisplayDroplet.java:48:	Local variable 'lastFourDigits' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/BBBPackNHoldDroplet.java:26:	Parameter 'req' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/BBBPackNHoldDroplet.java:27:	Parameter 'res' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/BBBPackNHoldDroplet.java:28:	Local variable 'order' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/BBBPackNHoldDroplet.java:29:	Local variable 'siteId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/BBBPackNHoldDroplet.java:31:	Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/BBBPackNHoldDroplet.java:33:	Avoid variables with short names like sg
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/BBBPackNHoldDroplet.java:33:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'sg' (lines '33'-'45').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/BBBPackNHoldDroplet.java:33:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'sg' (lines '33'-'73').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/BBBPackNHoldDroplet.java:35:	Local variable 'shippingGrp' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/BBBPackNHoldDroplet.java:39:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isPackHold' (lines '39'-'48').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/BBBPackNHoldDroplet.java:46:	Local variable 'pacKCal' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/BBBPackNHoldDroplet.java:53:	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/BBBPackNHoldDroplet.java:54:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/BBBPackNHoldDroplet.java:79:	Parameter 'pManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/BBBSkuPropDetailsDroplet.java:31:	The class 'BBBSkuPropDetailsDroplet' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 5 (Highest = 22).
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/BBBSkuPropDetailsDroplet.java:35:	Avoid variables with short names like CA
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/BBBSkuPropDetailsDroplet.java:49:	Parameter 'orderRepository' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/BBBSkuPropDetailsDroplet.java:59:	Parameter 'catalogTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/BBBSkuPropDetailsDroplet.java:66:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'sgcirObj' (lines '66'-'91').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/BBBSkuPropDetailsDroplet.java:66:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'shippingGroupObj' (lines '66'-'87').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/BBBSkuPropDetailsDroplet.java:66:	The method 'service' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 22.
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/BBBSkuPropDetailsDroplet.java:66:	The method service() has an NPath complexity of 368
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/BBBSkuPropDetailsDroplet.java:73:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'order' (lines '73'-'81').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/BBBSkuPropDetailsDroplet.java:74:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'skuProdMap' (lines '74'-'108').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/BBBSkuPropDetailsDroplet.java:76:	Local variable 'listSku' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/BBBSkuPropDetailsDroplet.java:77:	Local variable 'skuDetails' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/BBBSkuPropDetailsDroplet.java:78:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'skuId' (lines '78'-'94').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/BBBSkuPropDetailsDroplet.java:80:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/BBBSkuPropDetailsDroplet.java:85:	Local variable 'shippingGroupObj' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/BBBSkuPropDetailsDroplet.java:87:	Avoid variables with short names like sg
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/BBBSkuPropDetailsDroplet.java:87:	Local variable 'sg' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/BBBSkuPropDetailsDroplet.java:90:	Local variable 'sgcirObj' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/BBBSkuPropDetailsDroplet.java:91:	Local variable 'sgcir' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/BBBSkuPropDetailsDroplet.java:109:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/BBBSkuPropDetailsDroplet.java:109:	Local variable 'skuDetailsMap' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/BBBSkuPropDetailsDroplet.java:111:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0) with calls to isEmpty()
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/DisplayBillingDroplet.java:17:	Parameter 'pRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/DisplayBillingDroplet.java:18:	Parameter 'pResponse' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/DisplayBillingDroplet.java:19:	Local variable 'order' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/DisplayShippingRestrictionsDroplet.java:32:	The class 'DisplayShippingRestrictionsDroplet' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 6 (Highest = 14).
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/DisplayShippingRestrictionsDroplet.java:36:	Avoid excessively long variable names like MAP_SKU_RESTRICTED_ZIP
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/DisplayShippingRestrictionsDroplet.java:68:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'sgcirObj' (lines '68'-'92').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/DisplayShippingRestrictionsDroplet.java:68:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'shippingGroupObj' (lines '68'-'87').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/DisplayShippingRestrictionsDroplet.java:68:	The method 'service' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 14.
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/DisplayShippingRestrictionsDroplet.java:73:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'order' (lines '73'-'77').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/DisplayShippingRestrictionsDroplet.java:74:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isRestricted' (lines '74'-'102').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/DisplayShippingRestrictionsDroplet.java:75:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mapSkuRestrictedZip
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/DisplayShippingRestrictionsDroplet.java:75:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'mapSkuRestrictedZip' (lines '75'-'114').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/DisplayShippingRestrictionsDroplet.java:85:	Local variable 'shippingGroupObj' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/DisplayShippingRestrictionsDroplet.java:86:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/DisplayShippingRestrictionsDroplet.java:86:	Local variable 'lstSkuId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/DisplayShippingRestrictionsDroplet.java:87:	Avoid variables with short names like sg
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/DisplayShippingRestrictionsDroplet.java:87:	Local variable 'sg' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/DisplayShippingRestrictionsDroplet.java:91:	Local variable 'sgcirObj' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/DisplayShippingRestrictionsDroplet.java:92:	Local variable 'sgcir' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/DisplayShippingRestrictionsDroplet.java:94:	Local variable 'skuId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/DisplayShippingRestrictionsDroplet.java:97:	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/DisplayShippingRestrictionsDroplet.java:103:	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/DisplayShippingRestrictionsDroplet.java:117:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/DisplayShippingRestrictionsDroplet.java:140:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'skuId' (lines '140'-'155').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/DisplayShippingRestrictionsDroplet.java:141:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mapSkuRestrictedZip
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/DisplayShippingRestrictionsDroplet.java:141:	Avoid variables with short names like sg
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/DisplayShippingRestrictionsDroplet.java:141:	Parameter 'lstSkuId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/DisplayShippingRestrictionsDroplet.java:141:	Parameter 'mapSkuRestrictedZip' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/DisplayShippingRestrictionsDroplet.java:141:	Parameter 'pStieId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/DisplayShippingRestrictionsDroplet.java:141:	Parameter 'sg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/DisplayShippingRestrictionsDroplet.java:146:	Avoid excessively long variable names like lstSkuRestrictedZip
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/DisplayShippingRestrictionsDroplet.java:146:	Local variable 'lstSkuRestrictedZip' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/DisplayShippingRestrictionsDroplet.java:147:	Avoid excessively long variable names like skuRestrictedZipVO
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/DisplayShippingRestrictionsDroplet.java:147:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'skuRestrictedZipVO' (lines '147'-'156').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/DisplayShippingRestrictionsDroplet.java:147:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'skuRestrictedZipVO' (lines '147'-'174').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/DisplayShippingRestrictionsDroplet.java:148:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'skuDetailVO' (lines '148'-'157').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/DisplayShippingRestrictionsDroplet.java:148:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'skuDetailVO' (lines '148'-'174').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/DisplayShippingRestrictionsDroplet.java:149:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'skuRegionName' (lines '149'-'155').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/DisplayShippingRestrictionsDroplet.java:150:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'address' (lines '150'-'151').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/DisplayShippingRestrictionsDroplet.java:151:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'address' (lines '151'-'174').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/DisplayShippingRestrictionsDroplet.java:152:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'zipCode' (lines '152'-'174').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/DisplayShippingRestrictionsDroplet.java:152:	Local variable 'zipCode' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/DisplayShippingRestrictionsDroplet.java:153:	Local variable 'skuId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/DisplayShippingRestrictionsDroplet.java:155:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'skuRegionName' (lines '155'-'155').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/DisplayShippingRestrictionsDroplet.java:156:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/DisplayShippingRestrictionsDroplet.java:181:	Avoid variables with short names like sg
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/DisplayShippingRestrictionsDroplet.java:181:	Parameter 'sg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/DisplayShippingRestrictionsDroplet.java:186:	Local variable 'strAddress' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/DisplayShippingRestrictionsDroplet.java:189:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/DisplayShippingRestrictionsDroplet.java:193:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/DisplayShippingRestrictionsDroplet.java:197:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/GetApplicableShippingMethodsDroplet.java:38:	The class 'GetApplicableShippingMethodsDroplet' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 5 (Highest = 23).
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/GetApplicableShippingMethodsDroplet.java:43:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mShippingGroupManager
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/GetApplicableShippingMethodsDroplet.java:55:	Parameter 'pPricingTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/GetApplicableShippingMethodsDroplet.java:102:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/GetApplicableShippingMethodsDroplet.java:102:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'commerceItem' (lines '102'-'139').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/GetApplicableShippingMethodsDroplet.java:102:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'hardgoodShippingGroupItem' (lines '102'-'200').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/GetApplicableShippingMethodsDroplet.java:102:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'vo' (lines '102'-'209').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/GetApplicableShippingMethodsDroplet.java:102:	The method 'service' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 23.
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/GetApplicableShippingMethodsDroplet.java:110:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'skuMethodsMap' (lines '110'-'133').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/GetApplicableShippingMethodsDroplet.java:110:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'skuMethodsMap' (lines '110'-'233').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/GetApplicableShippingMethodsDroplet.java:111:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'shipMethodVOList' (lines '111'-'190').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/GetApplicableShippingMethodsDroplet.java:111:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'shipMethodVOList' (lines '111'-'233').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/GetApplicableShippingMethodsDroplet.java:135:	Local variable 'items' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/GetApplicableShippingMethodsDroplet.java:138:	Local variable 'commerceItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/GetApplicableShippingMethodsDroplet.java:146:	Local variable 'shipMethodVOs' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/GetApplicableShippingMethodsDroplet.java:151:	Avoid excessively long variable names like hardgoodShippingGroupList
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/GetApplicableShippingMethodsDroplet.java:151:	Local variable 'hardgoodShippingGroupList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/GetApplicableShippingMethodsDroplet.java:194:	Avoid excessively long variable names like preSelectedShipMethod
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/GetApplicableShippingMethodsDroplet.java:194:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'preSelectedShipMethod' (lines '194'-'200').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/GetApplicableShippingMethodsDroplet.java:194:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'preSelectedShipMethod' (lines '194'-'216').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/GetApplicableShippingMethodsDroplet.java:196:	Avoid excessively long variable names like hardgoodShippingGroupList
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/GetApplicableShippingMethodsDroplet.java:196:	Local variable 'hardgoodShippingGroupList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/GetApplicableShippingMethodsDroplet.java:199:	Avoid excessively long variable names like hardgoodShippingGroupItem
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/GetApplicableShippingMethodsDroplet.java:199:	Local variable 'hardgoodShippingGroupItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/GetApplicableShippingMethodsDroplet.java:200:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'preSelectedShipMethod' (lines '200'-'200').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/GetApplicableShippingMethodsDroplet.java:200:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'preSelectedShipMethod' (lines '200'-'216').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/GetApplicableShippingMethodsDroplet.java:206:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'matchFound' (lines '206'-'210').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/GetApplicableShippingMethodsDroplet.java:208:	Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/GetApplicableShippingMethodsDroplet.java:208:	Local variable 'vo' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/GetApplicableShippingMethodsDroplet.java:210:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'matchFound' (lines '210'-'210').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/GetApplicableShippingMethodsDroplet.java:243:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'hardgoodShippingGroupItem' (lines '243'-'253').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/GetApplicableShippingMethodsDroplet.java:243:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'shipMethodVOItem' (lines '243'-'256').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/GetApplicableShippingMethodsDroplet.java:243:	Parameter 'shipMethodVOList' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/GetApplicableShippingMethodsDroplet.java:245:	Avoid excessively long variable names like hardgoodShippingGroupList
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/GetApplicableShippingMethodsDroplet.java:245:	Parameter 'hardgoodShippingGroupList' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/GetApplicableShippingMethodsDroplet.java:248:	Local variable 'shipMethodVOItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/GetApplicableShippingMethodsDroplet.java:250:	Avoid excessively long variable names like hardgoodShippingGroupItem
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/GetApplicableShippingMethodsDroplet.java:250:	Local variable 'hardgoodShippingGroupItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/GetApplicableShippingMethodsDroplet.java:276:	Parameter 'pRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/GetApplicableShippingMethodsDroplet.java:276:	Parameter 'pResponse' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/GetCreditCardsForPayment.java:1:	A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/GetCreditCardsForPayment.java:55:	The class 'GetCreditCardsForPayment' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 18).
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/GetCreditCardsForPayment.java:65:	Avoid excessively long variable names like creditCardContainer
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/GetCreditCardsForPayment.java:70:	Avoid excessively long variable names like purchaseProcessHelper
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/GetCreditCardsForPayment.java:78:	Parameter 'dozerBean' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/GetCreditCardsForPayment.java:96:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'bbbCreditCardInfo' (lines '96'-'114').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/GetCreditCardsForPayment.java:96:	The method 'service' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 18.
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/GetCreditCardsForPayment.java:102:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'selectedId' (lines '102'-'116').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/GetCreditCardsForPayment.java:103:	Local variable 'profile' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/GetCreditCardsForPayment.java:104:	Local variable 'order' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/GetCreditCardsForPayment.java:106:	Avoid excessively long variable names like creditCardContainer
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/GetCreditCardsForPayment.java:106:	Local variable 'creditCardContainer' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/GetCreditCardsForPayment.java:112:	Avoid excessively long variable names like creditCardInfoList
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/GetCreditCardsForPayment.java:112:	Local variable 'creditCardInfoList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/GetCreditCardsForPayment.java:113:	Local variable 'bbbCreditCardInfo' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/GetCreditCardsForPayment.java:116:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'selectedId' (lines '116'-'116').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/GetCreditCardsForPayment.java:120:	Avoid excessively long variable names like basicBBBCreditCardInfoList
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/GetCreditCardsForPayment.java:120:	Local variable 'basicBBBCreditCardInfoList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/GetCreditCardsForPayment.java:121:	Local variable 'bbbCreditCardInfo' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/GetCreditCardsForPayment.java:132:	Local variable 'ccKey' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/GetCreditCardsForPayment.java:179:	Parameter 'bbbOrder' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/GetCreditCardsForPayment.java:179:	Parameter 'profile' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/GetCreditCardsForPayment.java:179:	The method 'getAllCreditCard' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/GetCreditCardsForPayment.java:181:	Local variable 'request' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/GetCreditCardsForPayment.java:182:	Local variable 'response' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/GetCreditCardsForPayment.java:183:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'view' (lines '183'-'196').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/GetCreditCardsForPayment.java:184:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'statement' (lines '184'-'197').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/GetCreditCardsForPayment.java:185:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'params' (lines '185'-'223').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/GetCreditCardsForPayment.java:185:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'params' (lines '185'-'252').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/GetCreditCardsForPayment.java:186:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'items' (lines '186'-'228').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/GetCreditCardsForPayment.java:186:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'items' (lines '186'-'252').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/GetCreditCardsForPayment.java:187:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'allCardInfoList' (lines '187'-'252').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/GetCreditCardsForPayment.java:187:	Local variable 'allCardInfoList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/GetCreditCardsForPayment.java:192:	Avoid excessively long variable names like creditCardContainer
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/GetCreditCardsForPayment.java:192:	Local variable 'creditCardContainer' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/GetCreditCardsForPayment.java:196:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'view' (lines '196'-'252').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/GetCreditCardsForPayment.java:197:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'statement' (lines '197'-'252').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/GetCreditCardsForPayment.java:209:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'orderBalance'.
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/GetCreditCardsForPayment.java:209:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'orderBalance' (lines '209'-'252').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/GetCreditCardsForPayment.java:209:	Local variable 'orderBalance' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/GetCreditCardsForPayment.java:210:	Local variable 'selectedId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/GetCreditCardsForPayment.java:216:	Avoid excessively long variable names like creditCardInfoList
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/GetCreditCardsForPayment.java:216:	Local variable 'creditCardInfoList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/GetCreditCardsForPayment.java:218:	Local variable 'entries' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/GetCreditCardsForPayment.java:220:	Avoid excessively long variable names like basicBBBCreditCardInfo
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/GetCreditCardsForPayment.java:220:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/GetCreditCardsForPayment.java:220:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'basicBBBCreditCardInfo' (lines '220'-'222').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/GetCreditCardsForPayment.java:221:	Local variable 'entry' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/GetCreditCardsForPayment.java:223:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'params' (lines '223'-'223').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/GetCreditCardsForPayment.java:223:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'params' (lines '223'-'252').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/GetCreditCardsForPayment.java:224:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'contactInfo' (lines '224'-'231').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/GetCreditCardsForPayment.java:229:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/GetCreditCardsForPayment.java:230:	Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/GetCreditCardsForPayment.java:231:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/GetCreditCardsForPayment.java:245:	Local variable 'cardInfoVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/GetCreditCardsForPayment.java:261:	Avoid excessively long variable names like basicBBBCreditCardInfoList
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/GetCreditCardsForPayment.java:261:	Parameter 'basicBBBCreditCardInfoList' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/GetCreditCardsForPayment.java:261:	Parameter 'creditCardInfo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/GetCreditCardsForPayment.java:263:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'flag' (lines '263'-'268').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/GetCreditCardsForPayment.java:273:	Avoid unused method parameters such as 'order'.
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/GetCreditCardsForPayment.java:273:	Parameter 'order' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/GetCreditCardsForPayment.java:276:	Local variable 'creditCardAmount' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/GetCreditCardsForPayment.java:320:	Parameter 'creditCardAPIImpl' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/GetCreditCardsForPayment.java:335:	Avoid excessively long variable names like creditCardContainer
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/GetCreditCardsForPayment.java:335:	Parameter 'creditCardContainer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/GetCreditCardsForPayment.java:350:	Avoid excessively long variable names like purchaseProcessHelper
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/GetCreditCardsForPayment.java:350:	Parameter 'purchaseProcessHelper' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/IsProductSKUShippingDroplet.java:8:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.HashSet'
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/IsProductSKUShippingDroplet.java:8:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.HashSet'
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/IsProductSKUShippingDroplet.java:9:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.List'
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/IsProductSKUShippingDroplet.java:9:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.List'
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/IsProductSKUShippingDroplet.java:11:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.Set'
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/IsProductSKUShippingDroplet.java:11:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.Set'
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/IsProductSKUShippingDroplet.java:15:	Avoid unused imports such as 'atg.multisite.SiteContextManager'
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/IsProductSKUShippingDroplet.java:15:	Avoid unused imports such as 'atg.multisite.SiteContextManager'
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/IsProductSKUShippingDroplet.java:20:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.commerce.catalog.BBBCatalogConstants'
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/IsProductSKUShippingDroplet.java:20:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.commerce.catalog.BBBCatalogConstants'
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/IsProductSKUShippingDroplet.java:23:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.commerce.catalog.vo.ProductVO'
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/IsProductSKUShippingDroplet.java:23:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.commerce.catalog.vo.ProductVO'
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/IsProductSKUShippingDroplet.java:24:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.commerce.catalog.vo.SKUDetailVO'
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/IsProductSKUShippingDroplet.java:24:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.commerce.catalog.vo.SKUDetailVO'
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/IsProductSKUShippingDroplet.java:27:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.exception.BBBBusinessException'
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/IsProductSKUShippingDroplet.java:27:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.exception.BBBBusinessException'
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/IsProductSKUShippingDroplet.java:28:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.exception.BBBSystemException'
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/IsProductSKUShippingDroplet.java:28:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.exception.BBBSystemException'
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/IsProductSKUShippingDroplet.java:39:	Avoid excessively long variable names like RESTRICTED_ATTRIBUTES
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/IsProductSKUShippingDroplet.java:60:	Parameter 'pHelper' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/IsProductSKUShippingDroplet.java:68:	Parameter 'catalogTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/IsProductSKUShippingDroplet.java:73:	Local variable 'pSiteId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/IsProductSKUShippingDroplet.java:76:	Avoid excessively long variable names like restrictionZipCodeAttributes
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/IsProductSKUShippingDroplet.java:76:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'restrictionZipCodeAttributes' (lines '76'-'77').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/IsProductSKUShippingDroplet.java:78:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/IsProductSKUShippingDropletHelper.java:7:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.Collection'
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/IsProductSKUShippingDropletHelper.java:7:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.Collection'
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/IsProductSKUShippingDropletHelper.java:9:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.HashSet'
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/IsProductSKUShippingDropletHelper.java:9:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.HashSet'
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/IsProductSKUShippingDropletHelper.java:18:	Avoid unused imports such as 'atg.nucleus.naming.ParameterName'
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/IsProductSKUShippingDropletHelper.java:18:	Avoid unused imports such as 'atg.nucleus.naming.ParameterName'
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/IsProductSKUShippingDropletHelper.java:19:	Avoid unused imports such as 'atg.servlet.DynamoHttpServletRequest'
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/IsProductSKUShippingDropletHelper.java:19:	Avoid unused imports such as 'atg.servlet.DynamoHttpServletRequest'
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/IsProductSKUShippingDropletHelper.java:20:	Avoid unused imports such as 'atg.servlet.DynamoHttpServletResponse'
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/IsProductSKUShippingDropletHelper.java:20:	Avoid unused imports such as 'atg.servlet.DynamoHttpServletResponse'
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/IsProductSKUShippingDropletHelper.java:27:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.common.BBBDynamoServlet'
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/IsProductSKUShippingDropletHelper.java:27:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.common.BBBDynamoServlet'
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/IsProductSKUShippingDropletHelper.java:39:	The class 'IsProductSKUShippingDropletHelper' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 5 (Highest = 18).
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/IsProductSKUShippingDropletHelper.java:41:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mAttributeSKUEnabled
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/IsProductSKUShippingDropletHelper.java:42:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mAttributeProductEnabled
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/IsProductSKUShippingDropletHelper.java:43:	Avoid excessively long variable names like LIST_OF_RESTRICTED_ATTRIBUTES
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/IsProductSKUShippingDropletHelper.java:48:	Parameter 'catalogTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/IsProductSKUShippingDropletHelper.java:60:	Parameter 'pProductId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/IsProductSKUShippingDropletHelper.java:60:	Parameter 'pSkuId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/IsProductSKUShippingDropletHelper.java:60:	The method 'getAttribute' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 13.
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/IsProductSKUShippingDropletHelper.java:64:	Avoid excessively long variable names like restrictionZipCodeAttributes
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/IsProductSKUShippingDropletHelper.java:64:	Local variable 'restrictionZipCodeAttributes' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/IsProductSKUShippingDropletHelper.java:65:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'prodVO' (lines '65'-'77').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/IsProductSKUShippingDropletHelper.java:65:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'prodVO' (lines '65'-'97').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/IsProductSKUShippingDropletHelper.java:66:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'skuVO' (lines '66'-'73').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/IsProductSKUShippingDropletHelper.java:66:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'skuVO' (lines '66'-'97').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/IsProductSKUShippingDropletHelper.java:106:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pRestrictionZipCodeAttributes
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/IsProductSKUShippingDropletHelper.java:106:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'attributeVO' (lines '106'-'136').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/IsProductSKUShippingDropletHelper.java:106:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'key' (lines '106'-'134').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/IsProductSKUShippingDropletHelper.java:106:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'restrictedAttribute' (lines '106'-'139').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/IsProductSKUShippingDropletHelper.java:106:	Parameter 'pProductVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/IsProductSKUShippingDropletHelper.java:106:	Parameter 'pRestrictionZipCodeAttributes' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/IsProductSKUShippingDropletHelper.java:106:	Parameter 'pSkudetailsVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/IsProductSKUShippingDropletHelper.java:106:	The method 'getRestrictionZipCodeAttributes' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 18.
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/IsProductSKUShippingDropletHelper.java:107:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pAttributesMap' (lines '107'-'124').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/IsProductSKUShippingDropletHelper.java:108:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'listAttributeVO' (lines '108'-'134').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/IsProductSKUShippingDropletHelper.java:109:	Avoid excessively long variable names like listOfRestrictedAttributes
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/IsProductSKUShippingDropletHelper.java:109:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'listOfRestrictedAttributes' (lines '109'-'113').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/IsProductSKUShippingDropletHelper.java:110:	Avoid excessively long variable names like restrictedAttributesArray
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/IsProductSKUShippingDropletHelper.java:110:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'restrictedAttributesArray' (lines '110'-'116').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/IsProductSKUShippingDropletHelper.java:123:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/IsProductSKUShippingDropletHelper.java:125:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/IsProductSKUShippingDropletHelper.java:128:	Avoid empty if statements
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/IsProductSKUShippingDropletHelper.java:132:	Local variable 'listOfAttriPH' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/IsProductSKUShippingDropletHelper.java:133:	Local variable 'key' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/IsProductSKUShippingDropletHelper.java:135:	Local variable 'attributeVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/IsProductSKUShippingDropletHelper.java:137:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/IsProductSKUShippingDropletHelper.java:138:	Avoid excessively long variable names like restrictedAttribute
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/IsProductSKUShippingDropletHelper.java:138:	Local variable 'restrictedAttribute' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/IsProductSKUShippingDropletHelper.java:161:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mAttributeSKUEnabled
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/IsProductSKUShippingDropletHelper.java:161:	Parameter 'mAttributeSKUEnabled' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/IsProductSKUShippingDropletHelper.java:175:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mAttributeProductEnabled
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/droplet/IsProductSKUShippingDropletHelper.java:175:	Parameter 'mAttributeProductEnabled' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBBillingAddressFormHandler.java:1:	A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBBillingAddressFormHandler.java:1:	This class has a bunch of public methods and attributes
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBBillingAddressFormHandler.java:62:	The class 'BBBBillingAddressFormHandler' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 35).
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBBillingAddressFormHandler.java:62:	Too many fields
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBBillingAddressFormHandler.java:64:	Avoid variables with short names like US
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBBillingAddressFormHandler.java:65:	Avoid variables with short names like CA
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBBillingAddressFormHandler.java:69:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERROR_IN_TRANSACTION_ROLLBACK
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBBillingAddressFormHandler.java:70:	Avoid excessively long variable names like COPYING_ORDER_FAILED
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBBillingAddressFormHandler.java:71:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_CHECKOUT_INVALID_INPUT
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBBillingAddressFormHandler.java:72:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_CHECKOUT_INVALID_BILLING_ADDRESS
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBBillingAddressFormHandler.java:73:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_CHECKOUT_GENERIC_ERROR
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBBillingAddressFormHandler.java:74:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_CHECKOUT_INVALID_COUNTRY
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBBillingAddressFormHandler.java:76:	Avoid excessively long variable names like BED_BATH_CANADA_ID
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBBillingAddressFormHandler.java:79:	Avoid excessively long variable names like promotionLookupManager
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBBillingAddressFormHandler.java:81:	Avoid excessively long variable names like commonConfiguration
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBBillingAddressFormHandler.java:94:	Avoid excessively long variable names like billingAddressContainer
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBBillingAddressFormHandler.java:97:	Avoid excessively long variable names like userSelectedOption
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBBillingAddressFormHandler.java:104:	Avoid excessively long variable names like billingEmailChanged
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBBillingAddressFormHandler.java:139:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'newBillingAddress' (lines '139'-'151').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBBillingAddressFormHandler.java:141:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBBillingAddressFormHandler.java:177:	A getX() method which returns a boolean should be named isX()
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBBillingAddressFormHandler.java:192:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pBillingAddressContainer
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBBillingAddressFormHandler.java:202:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pUserSelectedOption
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBBillingAddressFormHandler.java:269:	The method 'handleSaveBillingAddress' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 24.
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBBillingAddressFormHandler.java:269:	The method handleSaveBillingAddress() has an NPath complexity of 3612
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBBillingAddressFormHandler.java:272:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'contextPath' (lines '272'-'367').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBBillingAddressFormHandler.java:279:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'redirectURL' (lines '279'-'282').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBBillingAddressFormHandler.java:279:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'redirectURL' (lines '279'-'367').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBBillingAddressFormHandler.java:282:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'redirectURL' (lines '282'-'367').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBBillingAddressFormHandler.java:350:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBBillingAddressFormHandler.java:352:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'redirectURL' (lines '352'-'367').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBBillingAddressFormHandler.java:362:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBBillingAddressFormHandler.java:369:	Avoid excessively long variable names like fromAjaxSubmission
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBBillingAddressFormHandler.java:377:	Avoid excessively long variable names like fromAjaxSubmission
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBBillingAddressFormHandler.java:381:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'property' (lines '381'-'405').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBBillingAddressFormHandler.java:381:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'property' (lines '381'-'427').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBBillingAddressFormHandler.java:381:	The method 'preSaveBillingAddress' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 29.
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBBillingAddressFormHandler.java:383:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBBillingAddressFormHandler.java:403:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBBillingAddressFormHandler.java:438:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'element' (lines '438'-'468').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBBillingAddressFormHandler.java:438:	The method 'postSaveBillingAddress' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 16.
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBBillingAddressFormHandler.java:438:	The method postSaveBillingAddress() has an NPath complexity of 594
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBBillingAddressFormHandler.java:441:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'schoolPromoFlag' (lines '441'-'510').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBBillingAddressFormHandler.java:442:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'couponOn' (lines '442'-'450').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBBillingAddressFormHandler.java:442:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'couponOn' (lines '442'-'452').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBBillingAddressFormHandler.java:442:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'couponOn' (lines '442'-'454').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBBillingAddressFormHandler.java:443:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'order' (lines '443'-'510').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBBillingAddressFormHandler.java:457:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'couponOn' (lines '457'-'510').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBBillingAddressFormHandler.java:461:	Avoid excessively long variable names like availablePromotions
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBBillingAddressFormHandler.java:461:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'availablePromotions' (lines '461'-'510').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBBillingAddressFormHandler.java:528:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'flag' (lines '528'-'531').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBBillingAddressFormHandler.java:562:	Avoid excessively long variable names like promotionLookupManager
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBBillingAddressFormHandler.java:581:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBBillingAddressFormHandler.java:581:	The method 'saveBillingAddress' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 35.
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBBillingAddressFormHandler.java:581:	The method saveBillingAddress() has an NPath complexity of 72576
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBBillingAddressFormHandler.java:589:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'emailEntered' (lines '589'-'683').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBBillingAddressFormHandler.java:591:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'countryName' (lines '591'-'683').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBBillingAddressFormHandler.java:592:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'country' (lines '592'-'683').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBBillingAddressFormHandler.java:632:	Use bitwise inversion to invert boolean values
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBBillingAddressFormHandler.java:636:	Use bitwise inversion to invert boolean values
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBBillingAddressFormHandler.java:653:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBBillingAddressFormHandler.java:756:	Avoid excessively long variable names like commonConfiguration
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBBillingAddressFormHandler.java:814:	StringBuffer constructor is initialized with size 16, but has at least 444 characters appended.
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBBillingAddressFormHandler.java:831:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBCommitOrderFormHandler.java:1:	A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBCommitOrderFormHandler.java:65:	The class 'BBBCommitOrderFormHandler' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 22).
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBCommitOrderFormHandler.java:65:	This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBCommitOrderFormHandler.java:67:	Avoid excessively long variable names like UPDATE_ORDER_ATTRIBUTES
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBCommitOrderFormHandler.java:73:	Avoid excessively long variable names like VALIDATE_GIFT_CARD
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBCommitOrderFormHandler.java:79:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_CREDITCARD_AUTH_MAX_INVALIDATTEMPTS
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBCommitOrderFormHandler.java:80:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERROR_WHILE_GET_GIFT_CARD_BALANCE
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBCommitOrderFormHandler.java:82:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERROR_WHILE_ROLLING_BACK_GIFT_CARD
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBCommitOrderFormHandler.java:83:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERROR_COMMITTING_ORDER
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBCommitOrderFormHandler.java:84:	Avoid excessively long variable names like BOPUS_ORDER_PREFIX
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBCommitOrderFormHandler.java:85:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ONLINE_ORDER_PREFIX
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBCommitOrderFormHandler.java:86:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CYBERSOURCE_INVALID_CVV
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBCommitOrderFormHandler.java:87:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CYBERSOURCE_AVS_FAIL
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBCommitOrderFormHandler.java:89:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PIPELINE_ERR_CREDIT_CARD_AUTH
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBCommitOrderFormHandler.java:90:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PIPELINE_ERR_PAYMENT_GRP_AUTH
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBCommitOrderFormHandler.java:91:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_GIFTCARD_GETBALANCE
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBCommitOrderFormHandler.java:94:	Avoid excessively long variable names like commonConfiguration
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBCommitOrderFormHandler.java:95:	Avoid excessively long variable names like valueLinkGiftCardUtil
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBCommitOrderFormHandler.java:107:	Avoid excessively long variable names like cartAndCheckOutConfigType
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBCommitOrderFormHandler.java:108:	Avoid excessively long variable names like onlineOrderPrefixKey
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBCommitOrderFormHandler.java:109:	Avoid excessively long variable names like bopusOrderPrefixKey
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBCommitOrderFormHandler.java:137:	Avoid excessively long variable names like onlineOrderPrefixKey
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBCommitOrderFormHandler.java:147:	Avoid excessively long variable names like bopusOrderPrefixKey
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBCommitOrderFormHandler.java:157:	Avoid excessively long variable names like cartAndCheckOutConfigType
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBCommitOrderFormHandler.java:229:	Avoid excessively long variable names like valueLinkGiftCardUtil
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBCommitOrderFormHandler.java:352:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBCommitOrderFormHandler.java:352:	The method 'updateOrderAttributes' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 19.
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBCommitOrderFormHandler.java:352:	The method updateOrderAttributes() has an NPath complexity of 423
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBCommitOrderFormHandler.java:365:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'refId' (lines '365'-'456').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBCommitOrderFormHandler.java:392:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'botOrderId' (lines '392'-'398').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBCommitOrderFormHandler.java:392:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'botOrderId' (lines '392'-'456').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBCommitOrderFormHandler.java:393:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isBotOrder' (lines '393'-'399').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBCommitOrderFormHandler.java:393:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'isBotOrder' (lines '393'-'456').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBCommitOrderFormHandler.java:399:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'isBotOrder' (lines '399'-'456').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBCommitOrderFormHandler.java:412:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'siteId' (lines '412'-'456').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBCommitOrderFormHandler.java:463:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'referrer' (lines '463'-'465').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBCommitOrderFormHandler.java:479:	Avoid excessively long variable names like bopusBOTOrderPrefix
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBCommitOrderFormHandler.java:479:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bopusBOTOrderPrefix' (lines '479'-'481').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBCommitOrderFormHandler.java:492:	Avoid excessively long variable names like onlineBOTOrderPrefix
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBCommitOrderFormHandler.java:492:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'onlineBOTOrderPrefix' (lines '492'-'494').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBCommitOrderFormHandler.java:503:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bopusOrderPrefix' (lines '503'-'505').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBCommitOrderFormHandler.java:516:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'onlineOrderPrefix' (lines '516'-'518').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBCommitOrderFormHandler.java:527:	The String literal "unchecked" appears 8 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 527
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBCommitOrderFormHandler.java:528:	Avoid excessively long variable names like availablePromotions
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBCommitOrderFormHandler.java:531:	Avoid excessively long variable names like selectedPromotions
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBCommitOrderFormHandler.java:551:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'paymentGroup' (lines '551'-'555').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBCommitOrderFormHandler.java:565:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBCommitOrderFormHandler.java:568:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBCommitOrderFormHandler.java:620:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'item' (lines '620'-'633').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBCommitOrderFormHandler.java:628:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'inventoryResult' (lines '628'-'638').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBCommitOrderFormHandler.java:628:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'inventoryResult' (lines '628'-'669').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBCommitOrderFormHandler.java:629:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bbbItem' (lines '629'-'634').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBCommitOrderFormHandler.java:629:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'bbbItem' (lines '629'-'669').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBCommitOrderFormHandler.java:630:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'placeholderMap' (lines '630'-'669').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBCommitOrderFormHandler.java:644:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBCommitOrderFormHandler.java:682:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'cardStatus' (lines '682'-'703').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBCommitOrderFormHandler.java:682:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'paymentGroup' (lines '682'-'689').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBCommitOrderFormHandler.java:682:	The method 'redeemRollbackGiftCardAmount' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBCommitOrderFormHandler.java:687:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'count' (lines '687'-'690').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBCommitOrderFormHandler.java:690:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'count' (lines '690'-'690').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBCommitOrderFormHandler.java:691:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'gcPin' (lines '691'-'691').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBCommitOrderFormHandler.java:691:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'gcPin' (lines '691'-'706').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBCommitOrderFormHandler.java:691:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'gcPin' (lines '691'-'738').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBCommitOrderFormHandler.java:692:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'gcNumber' (lines '692'-'692').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBCommitOrderFormHandler.java:692:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'gcNumber' (lines '692'-'705').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBCommitOrderFormHandler.java:692:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'gcNumber' (lines '692'-'738').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBCommitOrderFormHandler.java:693:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'gcAmount' (lines '693'-'693').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBCommitOrderFormHandler.java:693:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'gcAmount' (lines '693'-'707').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBCommitOrderFormHandler.java:693:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'gcAmount' (lines '693'-'738').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBCommitOrderFormHandler.java:694:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'giftCard' (lines '694'-'696').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBCommitOrderFormHandler.java:742:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'paymentGroup' (lines '742'-'756').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBCommitOrderFormHandler.java:746:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'flag' (lines '746'-'770').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBCommitOrderFormHandler.java:746:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'flag' (lines '746'-'772').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBCommitOrderFormHandler.java:748:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'gcPin' (lines '748'-'760').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBCommitOrderFormHandler.java:748:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'gcPin' (lines '748'-'788').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBCommitOrderFormHandler.java:749:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'gcNumber' (lines '749'-'759').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBCommitOrderFormHandler.java:749:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'gcNumber' (lines '749'-'788').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBCommitOrderFormHandler.java:750:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'gcAmount' (lines '750'-'761').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBCommitOrderFormHandler.java:750:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'gcAmount' (lines '750'-'788').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBCommitOrderFormHandler.java:751:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'giftCard' (lines '751'-'757').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBCommitOrderFormHandler.java:751:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'giftCard' (lines '751'-'788').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBCommitOrderFormHandler.java:770:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'flag' (lines '770'-'770').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBCommitOrderFormHandler.java:770:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'flag' (lines '770'-'772').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBCommitOrderFormHandler.java:772:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'flag' (lines '772'-'770').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBCommitOrderFormHandler.java:772:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'flag' (lines '772'-'772').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBCommitOrderFormHandler.java:793:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBCommitOrderFormHandler.java:793:	The method 'identifyRedirect' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 22.
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBCommitOrderFormHandler.java:793:	The method identifyRedirect() has an NPath complexity of 558
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBCommitOrderFormHandler.java:800:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'errorKey' (lines '800'-'804').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBCommitOrderFormHandler.java:800:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'errorKey' (lines '800'-'897').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBCommitOrderFormHandler.java:822:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBCommitOrderFormHandler.java:827:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBCommitOrderFormHandler.java:830:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBCommitOrderFormHandler.java:854:	Avoid excessively long variable names like maxInvalidCCAttemptsConfig
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBCommitOrderFormHandler.java:856:	Avoid excessively long variable names like maxInvalidCCAttempts
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBCommitOrderFormHandler.java:856:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'maxInvalidCCAttempts' (lines '856'-'859').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBCommitOrderFormHandler.java:869:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBCommitOrderFormHandler.java:883:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBCommitOrderFormHandler.java:887:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBCommitOrderFormHandler.java:920:	Avoid excessively long variable names like commonConfiguration
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBCommitOrderFormHandler.java:956:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retVal' (lines '956'-'958').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBCommitOrderFormHandler.java:958:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'retVal' (lines '958'-'972').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBCommitOrderFormHandler.java:976:	StringBuffer constructor is initialized with size 16, but has at least 305 characters appended.
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBCommitOrderFormHandler.java:988:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBPaymentGroupFormHandler.java:1:	A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBPaymentGroupFormHandler.java:1:	This class has a bunch of public methods and attributes
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBPaymentGroupFormHandler.java:55:	The class 'BBBPaymentGroupFormHandler' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 2 (Highest = 23).
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBPaymentGroupFormHandler.java:55:	Too many fields
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBPaymentGroupFormHandler.java:57:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERROR_OCCURED_WHILE_COPY_BILLING_ADDRESS
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBPaymentGroupFormHandler.java:58:	Avoid excessively long variable names like IS_ORDER_AMT_COVERED_BY_GC
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBPaymentGroupFormHandler.java:62:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERROR_INVALID_CARD_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBPaymentGroupFormHandler.java:63:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERROR_MISSING_CREDIT_CARD
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBPaymentGroupFormHandler.java:64:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERROR_INSUFFICIENT_GIFT_CARD
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBPaymentGroupFormHandler.java:67:	Avoid excessively long variable names like commonConfiguration
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBPaymentGroupFormHandler.java:68:	Avoid excessively long variable names like creditCardsForPayment
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBPaymentGroupFormHandler.java:71:	Avoid excessively long variable names like checkoutProgressStates
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBPaymentGroupFormHandler.java:75:	Avoid excessively long variable names like creditCardContainer
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBPaymentGroupFormHandler.java:79:	Avoid excessively long variable names like checkoutFailureURLs
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBPaymentGroupFormHandler.java:81:	Avoid excessively long variable names like isOrderAmountCoveredByGiftCard
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBPaymentGroupFormHandler.java:83:	Avoid excessively long variable names like selectedCreditCardId
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBPaymentGroupFormHandler.java:84:	Avoid excessively long variable names like verificationNumber
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBPaymentGroupFormHandler.java:87:	Avoid excessively long variable names like creditCardYearMaxLimit
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBPaymentGroupFormHandler.java:89:	Field invalidateSession has the same name as a method
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBPaymentGroupFormHandler.java:98:	Avoid excessively long variable names like checkoutFailureURLs
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBPaymentGroupFormHandler.java:131:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBPaymentGroupFormHandler.java:131:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'paymentGroup' (lines '131'-'169').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBPaymentGroupFormHandler.java:131:	The method 'handlePayment' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 23.
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBPaymentGroupFormHandler.java:131:	The method handlePayment() has an NPath complexity of 534
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBPaymentGroupFormHandler.java:135:	Avoid excessively long variable names like orderAmtCoveredByGC
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBPaymentGroupFormHandler.java:137:	Avoid excessively long variable names like internationalCreditCardFlag
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBPaymentGroupFormHandler.java:137:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'internationalCreditCardFlag' (lines '137'-'269').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBPaymentGroupFormHandler.java:141:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'transaction' (lines '141'-'143').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBPaymentGroupFormHandler.java:143:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'transaction' (lines '143'-'269').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBPaymentGroupFormHandler.java:239:	Avoid excessively long variable names like introspectionException
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBPaymentGroupFormHandler.java:264:	Avoid excessively long variable names like redirectFailuerURL
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBPaymentGroupFormHandler.java:266:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBPaymentGroupFormHandler.java:273:	Avoid unused method parameters such as 'request'.
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBPaymentGroupFormHandler.java:273:	Avoid unused method parameters such as 'response'.
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBPaymentGroupFormHandler.java:283:	The method 'prePayment' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 18.
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBPaymentGroupFormHandler.java:286:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'creditCardTools' (lines '286'-'375').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBPaymentGroupFormHandler.java:304:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'cvvFlag' (lines '304'-'313').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBPaymentGroupFormHandler.java:305:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ccreturn' (lines '305'-'307').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBPaymentGroupFormHandler.java:305:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ccreturn' (lines '305'-'317').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBPaymentGroupFormHandler.java:317:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'ccreturn' (lines '317'-'375').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBPaymentGroupFormHandler.java:344:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBPaymentGroupFormHandler.java:401:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'transaction' (lines '401'-'404').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBPaymentGroupFormHandler.java:465:	Avoid excessively long variable names like selectedCreditCardId
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBPaymentGroupFormHandler.java:485:	Avoid excessively long variable names like verificationNumber
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBPaymentGroupFormHandler.java:595:	Avoid excessively long variable names like creditCardYearMaxLimit
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBPaymentGroupFormHandler.java:605:	Avoid excessively long variable names like creditCardContainer
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBPaymentGroupFormHandler.java:615:	Avoid excessively long variable names like checkoutProgressStates
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBPaymentGroupFormHandler.java:625:	Avoid excessively long variable names like commonConfiguration
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBPaymentGroupFormHandler.java:636:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'bbbCreditCardInfo' (lines '636'-'662').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBPaymentGroupFormHandler.java:657:	Avoid excessively long variable names like basicBBBCreditCardInfoList
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBPaymentGroupFormHandler.java:685:	Avoid excessively long variable names like isOrderAmountCoveredByGiftCard
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBPaymentGroupFormHandler.java:695:	Avoid excessively long variable names like creditCardsForPayment
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBPaymentGroupFormHandler.java:715:	StringBuffer constructor is initialized with size 16, but has at least 416 characters appended.
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/formhandler/BBBPaymentGroupFormHandler.java:729:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/manager/BBBCheckoutManager.java:1:	A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/manager/BBBCheckoutManager.java:1:	This class has a bunch of public methods and attributes
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/manager/BBBCheckoutManager.java:69:	The class 'BBBCheckoutManager' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 13).
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/manager/BBBCheckoutManager.java:69:	This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/manager/BBBCheckoutManager.java:71:	Avoid excessively long variable names like EXPRESS_CHECKOUT_NOT_POSSIBLE_AS_PROFILE_IS_TRANSIENT
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/manager/BBBCheckoutManager.java:72:	Avoid excessively long variable names like EXPRESS_CHECKOUT_NOT_POSSIBLE_DUE_TO_MULTIPLE_HARDGOOD_SHIPPING_GROUPS
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/manager/BBBCheckoutManager.java:73:	Avoid excessively long variable names like EXPRESS_CHECKOUT_NOT_POSSIBLE_AS_ITS_A_BOPUS_ORDER
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/manager/BBBCheckoutManager.java:74:	Avoid excessively long variable names like EXPRESS_CHECKOUT_NOT_POSSIBLE_AS_DEFAULT_SHIPPING_METHOD_IS_SHIPPING_METHOD_LIST
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/manager/BBBCheckoutManager.java:75:	Avoid excessively long variable names like EXPRESS_CHECKOUT_NOT_POSSIBLE_AS_PHONE_NUMBER_AND_MOBILE_ARE_MISSING
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/manager/BBBCheckoutManager.java:76:	Avoid excessively long variable names like EXPRESS_CHECKOUT_NOT_POSSIBLE_AS_DEFAULT_BILLING_ADDRESS_INFO_IS_MISSING
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/manager/BBBCheckoutManager.java:77:	Avoid excessively long variable names like EXPRESS_CHECKOUT_NOT_POSSIBLE_AS_EITHER_SHIPPING_ADDRESS_IS_NULL_OR_IS_PO_BOX_ADDRESS
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/manager/BBBCheckoutManager.java:79:	Avoid excessively long variable names like giftregistryManager
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/manager/BBBCheckoutManager.java:83:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shippingGroupManager
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/manager/BBBCheckoutManager.java:88:	Avoid excessively long variable names like purchaseProcessHelper
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/manager/BBBCheckoutManager.java:156:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pShippingGroupManager
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/manager/BBBCheckoutManager.java:185:	The String literal "unchecked" appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 185
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/manager/BBBCheckoutManager.java:186:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'items' (lines '186'-'210').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/manager/BBBCheckoutManager.java:218:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'commerceItem' (lines '218'-'221').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/manager/BBBCheckoutManager.java:239:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'commerceItem' (lines '239'-'242').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/manager/BBBCheckoutManager.java:244:	Avoid empty if statements
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/manager/BBBCheckoutManager.java:262:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shippingMethodList
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/manager/BBBCheckoutManager.java:273:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'commerceItem' (lines '273'-'283').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/manager/BBBCheckoutManager.java:273:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'stateVO' (lines '273'-'291').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/manager/BBBCheckoutManager.java:280:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'state' (lines '280'-'304').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/manager/BBBCheckoutManager.java:289:	Avoid excessively long variable names like nonShippableStates
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/manager/BBBCheckoutManager.java:312:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'stateVO' (lines '312'-'329').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/manager/BBBCheckoutManager.java:319:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'state' (lines '319'-'343').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/manager/BBBCheckoutManager.java:327:	Avoid excessively long variable names like nonShippableStates
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/manager/BBBCheckoutManager.java:349:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'commerceItem' (lines '349'-'359').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/manager/BBBCheckoutManager.java:349:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'shipMethodVO' (lines '349'-'367').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/manager/BBBCheckoutManager.java:365:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/manager/BBBCheckoutManager.java:425:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'commerceItem' (lines '425'-'438').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/manager/BBBCheckoutManager.java:435:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/manager/BBBCheckoutManager.java:435:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'commerceItemVO' (lines '435'-'435').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/manager/BBBCheckoutManager.java:435:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'commerceItemVO' (lines '435'-'461').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/manager/BBBCheckoutManager.java:437:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bbbCommerceItem' (lines '437'-'437').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/manager/BBBCheckoutManager.java:437:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bbbCommerceItem' (lines '437'-'440').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/manager/BBBCheckoutManager.java:437:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'bbbCommerceItem' (lines '437'-'461').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/manager/BBBCheckoutManager.java:445:	Avoid excessively long variable names like isCommItemBelowLine
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/manager/BBBCheckoutManager.java:464:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/manager/BBBCheckoutManager.java:464:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/manager/BBBCheckoutManager.java:473:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'item' (lines '473'-'476').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/manager/BBBCheckoutManager.java:474:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/manager/BBBCheckoutManager.java:495:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'registrySummaryVO' (lines '495'-'505').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/manager/BBBCheckoutManager.java:495:	The method 'getRegistryShippingAddress' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 12.
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/manager/BBBCheckoutManager.java:500:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'registryVOList' (lines '500'-'558').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/manager/BBBCheckoutManager.java:501:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'registryInfo' (lines '501'-'558').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/manager/BBBCheckoutManager.java:506:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'shipping' (lines '506'-'518').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/manager/BBBCheckoutManager.java:508:	Avoid excessively long variable names like futureShippingDate
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/manager/BBBCheckoutManager.java:510:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'diffDays' (lines '510'-'512').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/manager/BBBCheckoutManager.java:564:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'element' (lines '564'-'577').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/manager/BBBCheckoutManager.java:567:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'pRequest' (lines '567'-'600').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/manager/BBBCheckoutManager.java:573:	The String literal "rawtypes" appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 573
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/manager/BBBCheckoutManager.java:574:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'registrySummaryVO' (lines '574'-'581').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/manager/BBBCheckoutManager.java:574:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'registrySummaryVO' (lines '574'-'600').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/manager/BBBCheckoutManager.java:630:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pGiftRegistryTools
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/manager/BBBCheckoutManager.java:635:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/manager/BBBCheckoutManager.java:643:	Avoid excessively long variable names like allShippingAddresses
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/manager/BBBCheckoutManager.java:643:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'object' (lines '643'-'646').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/manager/BBBCheckoutManager.java:655:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'item' (lines '655'-'665').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/manager/BBBCheckoutManager.java:686:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isRestricted' (lines '686'-'698').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/manager/BBBCheckoutManager.java:686:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'isRestricted' (lines '686'-'707').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/manager/BBBCheckoutManager.java:688:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'commerceItems' (lines '688'-'707').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/manager/BBBCheckoutManager.java:713:	Avoid excessively long variable names like showMilitaryStates
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/manager/BBBCheckoutManager.java:724:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'results' (lines '724'-'726').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/manager/BBBCheckoutManager.java:747:	The method 'displayExpressCheckout' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 13.
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/manager/BBBCheckoutManager.java:747:	The method displayExpressCheckout() has an NPath complexity of 1728
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/manager/BBBCheckoutManager.java:787:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shippingMethodList
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/manager/BBBCheckoutManager.java:794:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'creditCard' (lines '794'-'808').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/manager/BBBCheckoutManager.java:796:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/manager/BBBCheckoutManager.java:815:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'object' (lines '815'-'820').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/manager/BBBCheckoutManager.java:849:	Avoid excessively long variable names like defaultShippingMethod
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/manager/BBBCheckoutManager.java:871:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'userCreditCard' (lines '871'-'873').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/manager/BBBCheckoutManager.java:882:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'defaultCard' (lines '882'-'905').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/manager/BBBCheckoutManager.java:883:	Avoid excessively long variable names like defaultBillingAddress
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/manager/BBBCheckoutManager.java:891:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'phoneNumber' (lines '891'-'893').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/manager/BBBCheckoutManager.java:891:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'phoneNumber' (lines '891'-'896').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/manager/BBBCheckoutManager.java:892:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/manager/BBBCheckoutManager.java:962:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'address' (lines '962'-'967').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/manager/BBBCheckoutManager.java:981:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'sku' (lines '981'-'992').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/manager/BBBCheckoutManager.java:987:	Avoid excessively long variable names like skuEligibilityStatusMap
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/manager/BBBCheckoutManager.java:990:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'siteId' (lines '990'-'995').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/manager/BBBCreditCardTools.java:16:	Parameter 'cvv' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/manager/BBBCreditCardTools.java:16:	Parameter 'type' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/manager/BBBCreditCardTools.java:19:	Local variable 'requiredCVVLength' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/manager/BBBCreditCardTools.java:20:	Local variable 'enteredCVVLengh' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/manager/BBBCreditCardTools.java:22:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/manager/BBBCreditCardTools.java:67:	Parameter 'cardCVVLengthsMap' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/processor/ProcSendSubmitOrderMessage.java:26:	The class 'ProcSendSubmitOrderMessage' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 18).
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/processor/ProcSendSubmitOrderMessage.java:41:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mLoggingIdentifier
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/processor/ProcSendSubmitOrderMessage.java:55:	Local variable 'retn' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/processor/ProcSendSubmitOrderMessage.java:56:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'retn'
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/processor/ProcSendSubmitOrderMessage.java:62:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pLoggingIdentifier
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/processor/ProcSendSubmitOrderMessage.java:62:	Parameter 'pLoggingIdentifier' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/processor/ProcSendSubmitOrderMessage.java:84:	Parameter 'pOrderHelper' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/processor/ProcSendSubmitOrderMessage.java:96:	A method/constructor shouldnt explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/processor/ProcSendSubmitOrderMessage.java:96:	A method/constructor shouldnt explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/processor/ProcSendSubmitOrderMessage.java:96:	Parameter 'pParam' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/processor/ProcSendSubmitOrderMessage.java:96:	Parameter 'pResult' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/processor/ProcSendSubmitOrderMessage.java:96:	The method 'runProcess' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 18.
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/processor/ProcSendSubmitOrderMessage.java:96:	The method runProcess() has an NPath complexity of 4992
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/processor/ProcSendSubmitOrderMessage.java:97:	Local variable 'map' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/processor/ProcSendSubmitOrderMessage.java:98:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'request' (lines '98'-'173').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/processor/ProcSendSubmitOrderMessage.java:98:	Local variable 'request' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/processor/ProcSendSubmitOrderMessage.java:99:	Local variable 'bbbOrder' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/processor/ProcSendSubmitOrderMessage.java:112:	Avoid excessively long variable names like orderSubmissionTagOn
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/processor/ProcSendSubmitOrderMessage.java:112:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'orderSubmissionTagOn' (lines '112'-'115').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/processor/ProcSendSubmitOrderMessage.java:113:	Local variable 'content' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/processor/ProcSendSubmitOrderMessage.java:118:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'startTime' (lines '118'-'173').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/processor/ProcSendSubmitOrderMessage.java:118:	Local variable 'startTime' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/processor/ProcSendSubmitOrderMessage.java:130:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'jmsInvDecEnabled' (lines '130'-'133').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/processor/ProcSendSubmitOrderMessage.java:131:	Local variable 'config' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/processor/ProcSendSubmitOrderMessage.java:132:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0) with calls to isEmpty()
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/processor/ProcSendSubmitOrderMessage.java:136:	Avoid excessively long variable names like startTimeInventory
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/processor/ProcSendSubmitOrderMessage.java:136:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'startTimeInventory' (lines '136'-'173').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/processor/ProcSendSubmitOrderMessage.java:136:	Local variable 'startTimeInventory' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/BBBSubmitOrderHandler.java:4:	A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/BBBSubmitOrderHandler.java:23:	Avoid unused imports such as 'atg.repository.RepositoryItem'
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/BBBSubmitOrderHandler.java:23:	Avoid unused imports such as 'atg.repository.RepositoryItem'
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/BBBSubmitOrderHandler.java:24:	Avoid unused imports such as 'atg.nucleus.Nucleus'
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/BBBSubmitOrderHandler.java:24:	Avoid unused imports such as 'atg.nucleus.Nucleus'
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/BBBSubmitOrderHandler.java:54:	The class 'BBBSubmitOrderHandler' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 13).
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/BBBSubmitOrderHandler.java:72:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mTransactionManager
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/BBBSubmitOrderHandler.java:90:	Parameter 'mStoreContextPath' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/BBBSubmitOrderHandler.java:122:	Parameter 'pProfileTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/BBBSubmitOrderHandler.java:136:	Parameter 'pOrderManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/BBBSubmitOrderHandler.java:150:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pTransactionManager
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/BBBSubmitOrderHandler.java:150:	Parameter 'pTransactionManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/BBBSubmitOrderHandler.java:154:	Parameter 'pSubmitOrder' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/BBBSubmitOrderHandler.java:154:	The method 'submitOrder' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/BBBSubmitOrderHandler.java:155:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'methodName' (lines '155'-'195').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/BBBSubmitOrderHandler.java:158:	Local variable 'orderID' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/BBBSubmitOrderHandler.java:160:	The String literal "] over TIBCO message bus" appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 160
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/BBBSubmitOrderHandler.java:170:	Local variable 'msg' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/BBBSubmitOrderHandler.java:176:	Local variable 'msg' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/BBBSubmitOrderHandler.java:182:	Local variable 'msg' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/BBBSubmitOrderHandler.java:202:	Parameter 'bbbOrder' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/BBBSubmitOrderHandler.java:202:	Parameter 'pRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/BBBSubmitOrderHandler.java:202:	The method 'processSubmitOrder' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 13.
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/BBBSubmitOrderHandler.java:208:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'rollback' (lines '208'-'225').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/BBBSubmitOrderHandler.java:209:	Avoid variables with short names like td
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/BBBSubmitOrderHandler.java:209:	Local variable 'td' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/BBBSubmitOrderHandler.java:259:	Parameter 'bbbOrder' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/BBBSubmitOrderHandler.java:271:	Parameter 'pOrder' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/BBBSubmitOrderHandler.java:277:	Local variable 'submitOrderVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/BBBSubmitOrderHandler.java:290:	Parameter 'pOrder' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/BBBSubmitOrderHandler.java:294:	Local variable 'inventoryRequest' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/BBBSubmitOrderHandler.java:304:	Parameter 'pOrder' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/BBBSubmitOrderHandler.java:308:	Local variable 'inventoryRequest' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/BBBSubmitOrderHandler.java:310:	Local variable 'inventoryVOs' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/BBBSubmitOrderHandler.java:322:	Parameter 'pOrder' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/BBBSubmitOrderHandler.java:322:	Parameter 'pRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/BBBSubmitOrderHandler.java:322:	The method 'sendMail' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/BBBSubmitOrderHandler.java:328:	Local variable 'bbbAddress' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/BBBSubmitOrderHandler.java:330:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'emailParams' (lines '330'-'352').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/BBBSubmitOrderHandler.java:330:	Local variable 'emailParams' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/BBBSubmitOrderHandler.java:333:	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/BBBSubmitOrderHandler.java:336:	Local variable 'template' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/BBBSubmitOrderHandler.java:337:	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/BBBSubmitOrderHandler.java:342:	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/BBBSubmitOrderHandler.java:357:	Parameter 'pAddress' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/BBBSubmitOrderHandler.java:357:	Parameter 'pOrder' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/BBBSubmitOrderHandler.java:357:	Parameter 'pRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/BBBSubmitOrderHandler.java:358:	Local variable 'emailParams' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/BBBSubmitOrderHandler.java:359:	Local variable 'channel' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/BBBSubmitOrderHandler.java:371:	Local variable 'placeHolderValues' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/BBBSubmitOrderHandler.java:373:	Local variable 'uniqueKeyDate' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/BBBSubmitOrderHandler.java:375:	Local variable 'emailPersistId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/BBBSubmitOrderHandler.java:384:	Local variable 'submittedDate' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/BBBSubmitOrderHandler.java:385:	Avoid variables with short names like s
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/BBBSubmitOrderHandler.java:385:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 's' (lines '385'-'416').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/BBBSubmitOrderHandler.java:385:	Local variable 's' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/BBBSubmitOrderHandler.java:386:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'stringDate' (lines '386'-'388').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/BBBSubmitOrderHandler.java:399:	Local variable 'configValue' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/BBBSubmitOrderHandler.java:400:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0) with calls to isEmpty()
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/BBBSubmitOrderHandler.java:450:	Parameter 'pEmailType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/BBBSubmitOrderHandler.java:465:	Parameter 'pEmailSender' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/BBBSubmitOrderHandler.java:470:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'item' (lines '470'-'490').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/BBBSubmitOrderHandler.java:470:	Parameter 'pOrder' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/BBBSubmitOrderHandler.java:470:	The method 'createInventoryRequest' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/BBBSubmitOrderHandler.java:471:	Local variable 'inventoryRequest' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/BBBSubmitOrderHandler.java:472:	Local variable 'inventories' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/BBBSubmitOrderHandler.java:473:	Local variable 'items' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/BBBSubmitOrderHandler.java:474:	Avoid excessively long variable names like updateAllInventory
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/BBBSubmitOrderHandler.java:474:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'updateAllInventory' (lines '474'-'484').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/BBBSubmitOrderHandler.java:474:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'updateAllInventory' (lines '474'-'513').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/BBBSubmitOrderHandler.java:475:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'config' (lines '475'-'477').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/BBBSubmitOrderHandler.java:483:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0) with calls to isEmpty()
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/BBBSubmitOrderHandler.java:484:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'updateAllInventory' (lines '484'-'513').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/BBBSubmitOrderHandler.java:487:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'inventory' (lines '487'-'500').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/BBBSubmitOrderHandler.java:487:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'inventory' (lines '487'-'513').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/BBBSubmitOrderHandler.java:488:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bbbItem' (lines '488'-'491').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/BBBSubmitOrderHandler.java:488:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'bbbItem' (lines '488'-'513').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/BBBSubmitOrderHandler.java:489:	Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/BBBSubmitOrderHandler.java:500:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/BBBSubmitOrderHandler.java:525:	Parameter 'mInventoryManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/SubmitOrderMarshaller.java:1:	A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/SubmitOrderMarshaller.java:1:	High amount of different objects as members denotes a high coupling
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/SubmitOrderMarshaller.java:104:	Avoid really long classes.
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/SubmitOrderMarshaller.java:104:	The class 'SubmitOrderMarshaller' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 6 (Highest = 30).
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/SubmitOrderMarshaller.java:104:	This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/SubmitOrderMarshaller.java:108:	Perhaps 'context' could be replaced by a local variable.
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/SubmitOrderMarshaller.java:118:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mCommonConfiguration
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/SubmitOrderMarshaller.java:129:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PUERTO_RICO_STATE_CODE_ISO
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/SubmitOrderMarshaller.java:130:	Avoid excessively long variable names like MEXICO_STATE_CODE_ISO
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/SubmitOrderMarshaller.java:224:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'bbbOrder' (lines '224'-'224').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/SubmitOrderMarshaller.java:224:	The method 'marshall' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 14.
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/SubmitOrderMarshaller.java:225:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'submitOrderXml' (lines '225'-'242').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/SubmitOrderMarshaller.java:226:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'rollback' (lines '226'-'264').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/SubmitOrderMarshaller.java:226:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'rollback' (lines '226'-'286').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/SubmitOrderMarshaller.java:227:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'tranDemac' (lines '227'-'246').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/SubmitOrderMarshaller.java:227:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'tranDemac' (lines '227'-'286').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/SubmitOrderMarshaller.java:295:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'orderXML' (lines '295'-'302').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/SubmitOrderMarshaller.java:296:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'stringWriter' (lines '296'-'300').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/SubmitOrderMarshaller.java:302:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'orderXML' (lines '302'-'317').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/SubmitOrderMarshaller.java:312:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/SubmitOrderMarshaller.java:348:	The method 'createOrder' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/SubmitOrderMarshaller.java:388:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'pProfile' (lines '388'-'423').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/SubmitOrderMarshaller.java:441:	The String literal "unchecked" appears 8 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 441
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/SubmitOrderMarshaller.java:442:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'shippingGroup' (lines '442'-'460').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/SubmitOrderMarshaller.java:442:	The method 'populatePriceInfo' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/SubmitOrderMarshaller.java:455:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'giftWrapItem' (lines '455'-'466').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/SubmitOrderMarshaller.java:455:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'giftWrapItem' (lines '455'-'488').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/SubmitOrderMarshaller.java:456:	Avoid excessively long variable names like bbbShippingPriceInfo
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/SubmitOrderMarshaller.java:456:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bbbShippingPriceInfo' (lines '456'-'462').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/SubmitOrderMarshaller.java:456:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'bbbShippingPriceInfo' (lines '456'-'488').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/SubmitOrderMarshaller.java:457:	Avoid excessively long variable names like hardGoodShippingGroup
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/SubmitOrderMarshaller.java:457:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'hardGoodShippingGroup' (lines '457'-'461').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/SubmitOrderMarshaller.java:457:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'hardGoodShippingGroup' (lines '457'-'488').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/SubmitOrderMarshaller.java:490:	The method 'populateTaxInfo' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 21.
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/SubmitOrderMarshaller.java:490:	The method populateTaxInfo() has an NPath complexity of 8200
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/SubmitOrderMarshaller.java:491:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'taxInfo' (lines '491'-'501').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/SubmitOrderMarshaller.java:499:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'remainingTax' (lines '499'-'504').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/SubmitOrderMarshaller.java:577:	Avoid unused method parameters such as 'pOrderProcess'.
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/SubmitOrderMarshaller.java:577:	The method 'populateAddress' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 21.
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/SubmitOrderMarshaller.java:577:	The method populateAddress() has an NPath complexity of 25088
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/SubmitOrderMarshaller.java:608:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/SubmitOrderMarshaller.java:630:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/SubmitOrderMarshaller.java:644:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/SubmitOrderMarshaller.java:644:	The method 'populateShipping' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 25.
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/SubmitOrderMarshaller.java:644:	The method populateShipping() has an NCSS line count of 107
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/SubmitOrderMarshaller.java:644:	The method populateShipping() has an NPath complexity of 583
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/SubmitOrderMarshaller.java:647:	Avoid excessively long variable names like subtotalPriceInfos
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/SubmitOrderMarshaller.java:649:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'priceInfo' (lines '649'-'660').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/SubmitOrderMarshaller.java:650:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'subtotalPriceInfo' (lines '650'-'718').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/SubmitOrderMarshaller.java:651:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'hardGoodShipping' (lines '651'-'659').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/SubmitOrderMarshaller.java:656:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'subtotalAmount' (lines '656'-'793').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/SubmitOrderMarshaller.java:701:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/SubmitOrderMarshaller.java:707:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/SubmitOrderMarshaller.java:731:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'storeVO' (lines '731'-'735').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/SubmitOrderMarshaller.java:736:	Avoid excessively long variable names like bbbbusinessException
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/SubmitOrderMarshaller.java:738:	Avoid excessively long variable names like bbbSystemException
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/SubmitOrderMarshaller.java:742:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/SubmitOrderMarshaller.java:796:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'paymentGroup' (lines '796'-'800').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/SubmitOrderMarshaller.java:817:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'adjustment' (lines '817'-'825').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/SubmitOrderMarshaller.java:818:	Avoid excessively long variable names like orderPriceAdjustmentList
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/SubmitOrderMarshaller.java:819:	Avoid excessively long variable names like priceAdjustmentList
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/SubmitOrderMarshaller.java:821:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pricingModel' (lines '821'-'827').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/SubmitOrderMarshaller.java:821:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'pricingModel' (lines '821'-'843').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/SubmitOrderMarshaller.java:823:	Avoid excessively long variable names like orderPriceAdjustment
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/SubmitOrderMarshaller.java:823:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'orderPriceAdjustment' (lines '823'-'826').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/SubmitOrderMarshaller.java:823:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'orderPriceAdjustment' (lines '823'-'843').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/SubmitOrderMarshaller.java:838:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0) with calls to isEmpty()
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/SubmitOrderMarshaller.java:846:	Avoid excessively long variable names like orderPriceAdjustment
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/SubmitOrderMarshaller.java:854:	Avoid excessively long variable names like promotionPriceBean
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/SubmitOrderMarshaller.java:854:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'pricingAdj' (lines '854'-'866').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/SubmitOrderMarshaller.java:855:	Avoid excessively long variable names like orderPriceAdjustmentList
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/SubmitOrderMarshaller.java:856:	Avoid excessively long variable names like priceAdjustmentList
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/SubmitOrderMarshaller.java:859:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'promotionItem' (lines '859'-'868').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/SubmitOrderMarshaller.java:859:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'promotionItem' (lines '859'-'888').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/SubmitOrderMarshaller.java:860:	Avoid excessively long variable names like orderPriceAdjustment
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/SubmitOrderMarshaller.java:860:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'orderPriceAdjustment' (lines '860'-'867').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/SubmitOrderMarshaller.java:860:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'orderPriceAdjustment' (lines '860'-'888').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/SubmitOrderMarshaller.java:871:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'pItemPriceInfo'.
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/SubmitOrderMarshaller.java:871:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pItemPriceInfo' (lines '871'-'871').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/SubmitOrderMarshaller.java:871:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'pItemPriceInfo' (lines '871'-'888').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/SubmitOrderMarshaller.java:883:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0) with calls to isEmpty()
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/SubmitOrderMarshaller.java:891:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/SubmitOrderMarshaller.java:891:	Avoid unused method parameters such as 'pOrderProcess'.
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/SubmitOrderMarshaller.java:891:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'commerceItemRelation' (lines '891'-'902').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/SubmitOrderMarshaller.java:891:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'promotionPriceBean' (lines '891'-'931').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/SubmitOrderMarshaller.java:891:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'unitPriceBean' (lines '891'-'922').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/SubmitOrderMarshaller.java:891:	The method 'populateItems' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 30.
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/SubmitOrderMarshaller.java:891:	The method populateItems() has an NCSS line count of 102
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/SubmitOrderMarshaller.java:891:	The method populateItems() has an NPath complexity of 141322
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/SubmitOrderMarshaller.java:892:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'itemList' (lines '892'-'1,042').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/SubmitOrderMarshaller.java:894:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'commerceItem' (lines '894'-'902').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/SubmitOrderMarshaller.java:895:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'skuDetail' (lines '895'-'949').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/SubmitOrderMarshaller.java:897:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'ecoFeeTaxMap' (lines '897'-'1,042').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/SubmitOrderMarshaller.java:900:	Avoid excessively long variable names like commerceItemRelationships
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/SubmitOrderMarshaller.java:901:	Avoid excessively long variable names like commerceItemRelation
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/SubmitOrderMarshaller.java:913:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'itemSurcharge' (lines '913'-'1,042').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/SubmitOrderMarshaller.java:916:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'loopCounter' (lines '916'-'1,042').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/SubmitOrderMarshaller.java:917:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0) with calls to isEmpty()
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/SubmitOrderMarshaller.java:918:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shippingGroupItemsTotal
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/SubmitOrderMarshaller.java:919:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shippingGroupItemsQuantity
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/SubmitOrderMarshaller.java:926:	Avoid excessively long variable names like promotionPriceBean
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/SubmitOrderMarshaller.java:984:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ecoFeeMap' (lines '984'-'987').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/SubmitOrderMarshaller.java:984:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ecoFeeMap' (lines '984'-'989').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/SubmitOrderMarshaller.java:993:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'ecoFeeItem' (lines '993'-'1,042').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/SubmitOrderMarshaller.java:994:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'ecoItemPriceInfo' (lines '994'-'1,042').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/SubmitOrderMarshaller.java:999:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ecoFeeCommerceItem
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/SubmitOrderMarshaller.java:1000:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ecoFeeTaxPriceInfo
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/SubmitOrderMarshaller.java:1046:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'memberID' (lines '1,046'-'1,051').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/SubmitOrderMarshaller.java:1074:	Avoid excessively long variable names like xmlGregorianCalendar
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/SubmitOrderMarshaller.java:1080:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0) with calls to isEmpty()
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/SubmitOrderMarshaller.java:1082:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/SubmitOrderMarshaller.java:1118:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0) with calls to isEmpty()
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/SubmitOrderMarshaller.java:1173:	Avoid excessively long variable names like itemLevelTaxPrices
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/SubmitOrderMarshaller.java:1173:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'itemLevelTaxPrices' (lines '1,173'-'1,178').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/SubmitOrderMarshaller.java:1176:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shippingGroupTaxPrice
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/SubmitOrderMarshaller.java:1186:	Avoid excessively long variable names like xmlGregorianCalendar
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/SubmitOrderMarshaller.java:1186:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'xmlGregorianCalendar' (lines '1,186'-'1,193').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/SubmitOrderMarshaller.java:1193:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'xmlGregorianCalendar' (lines '1,193'-'1,199').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/SubmitOrderMarshaller.java:1203:	Avoid excessively long variable names like xmlGregorianCalendar
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/SubmitOrderMarshaller.java:1203:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'xmlGregorianCalendar' (lines '1,203'-'1,209').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/tibco/SubmitOrderMarshaller.java:1209:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'xmlGregorianCalendar' (lines '1,209'-'1,221').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/util/BBBCouponUtil.java:37:	The class 'BBBCouponUtil' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 14).
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/util/BBBCouponUtil.java:41:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mTransactionManager
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/util/BBBCouponUtil.java:58:	Parameter 'pBbbCatalogTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/util/BBBCouponUtil.java:71:	Parameter 'pProfile' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/util/BBBCouponUtil.java:72:	Parameter 'pPromotions' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/util/BBBCouponUtil.java:75:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'logMsg' (lines '75'-'77').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/util/BBBCouponUtil.java:83:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'schoolPromoItem' (lines '83'-'96').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/util/BBBCouponUtil.java:83:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'schoolPromoItem' (lines '83'-'106').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/util/BBBCouponUtil.java:85:	Local variable 'schoolPromoID' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/util/BBBCouponUtil.java:86:	Local variable 'schoolID' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/util/BBBCouponUtil.java:89:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'schoolVO' (lines '89'-'92').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/util/BBBCouponUtil.java:89:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'schoolVO' (lines '89'-'106').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/util/BBBCouponUtil.java:97:	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/util/BBBCouponUtil.java:114:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'repositoryItem' (lines '114'-'148').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/util/BBBCouponUtil.java:114:	Parameter 'couponClaimCode' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/util/BBBCouponUtil.java:114:	Parameter 'pSchoolPromo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/util/BBBCouponUtil.java:117:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'logMsg' (lines '117'-'120').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/util/BBBCouponUtil.java:127:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'promoFound' (lines '127'-'146').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/util/BBBCouponUtil.java:129:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'schoolPromotion' (lines '129'-'132').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/util/BBBCouponUtil.java:129:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'schoolPromotion' (lines '129'-'161').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/util/BBBCouponUtil.java:132:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'schoolPromotion' (lines '132'-'161').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/util/BBBCouponUtil.java:135:	Local variable 'coupon' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/util/BBBCouponUtil.java:138:	Local variable 'promoPropertyName' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/util/BBBCouponUtil.java:141:	Local variable 'multiplePromotions' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/util/BBBCouponUtil.java:142:	Avoid excessively long variable names like multiplePromotions
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/util/BBBCouponUtil.java:146:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'promoFound' (lines '146'-'150').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/util/BBBCouponUtil.java:147:	Local variable 'repositoryItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/util/BBBCouponUtil.java:148:	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/util/BBBCouponUtil.java:178:	The method 'applySchoolPromotion' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 14.
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/util/BBBCouponUtil.java:179:	Parameter 'pOrder' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/util/BBBCouponUtil.java:179:	Parameter 'pProfile' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/util/BBBCouponUtil.java:182:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'logMsg' (lines '182'-'184').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/util/BBBCouponUtil.java:196:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'rollback' (lines '196'-'267').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/util/BBBCouponUtil.java:196:	Local variable 'rollback' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/util/BBBCouponUtil.java:197:	Avoid variables with short names like td
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/util/BBBCouponUtil.java:197:	Local variable 'td' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/util/BBBCouponUtil.java:201:	Local variable 'profileSchoolID' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/util/BBBCouponUtil.java:203:	Local variable 'orderSchoolID' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/util/BBBCouponUtil.java:209:	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/util/BBBCouponUtil.java:280:	Parameter 'pClaimableManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/util/BBBCouponUtil.java:295:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pTransactionManager
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/util/BBBCouponUtil.java:295:	Parameter 'pTransactionManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/util/BBBCouponUtil.java:309:	Parameter 'pOrderManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/util/BBBOrderUtilty.java:1:	A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/util/BBBOrderUtilty.java:39:	All methods are static.  Consider using Singleton instead.  Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/util/BBBOrderUtilty.java:39:	The class 'BBBOrderUtilty' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 13).
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/util/BBBOrderUtilty.java:49:	Avoid variables with short names like sg
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/util/BBBOrderUtilty.java:49:	Parameter 'sg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/util/BBBOrderUtilty.java:51:	Local variable 'shipGroupVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/util/BBBOrderUtilty.java:55:	Local variable 'bbbShippingGroup' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/util/BBBOrderUtilty.java:59:	Local variable 'formatter' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/util/BBBOrderUtilty.java:60:	Local variable 'pHoldDate' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/util/BBBOrderUtilty.java:93:	Parameter 'trackingInfos' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/util/BBBOrderUtilty.java:95:	Local variable 'shipmentList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/util/BBBOrderUtilty.java:96:	Avoid excessively long variable names like iterateTrackingInfo
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/util/BBBOrderUtilty.java:96:	Local variable 'iterateTrackingInfo' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/util/BBBOrderUtilty.java:99:	Local variable 'trackingInfoObj' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/util/BBBOrderUtilty.java:100:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/util/BBBOrderUtilty.java:100:	Local variable 'shipment' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/util/BBBOrderUtilty.java:115:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'priceBean' (lines '115'-'173').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/util/BBBOrderUtilty.java:115:	Parameter 'priceInfoVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/util/BBBOrderUtilty.java:115:	Parameter 'siteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/util/BBBOrderUtilty.java:115:	The method 'populatePriceInfo' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 13.
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/util/BBBOrderUtilty.java:117:	Avoid excessively long variable names like priceInfoDisplayVO
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/util/BBBOrderUtilty.java:117:	Local variable 'priceInfoDisplayVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/util/BBBOrderUtilty.java:149:	Local variable 'stateLeveltax' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/util/BBBOrderUtilty.java:150:	Local variable 'countyLevelTax' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/util/BBBOrderUtilty.java:164:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'priceBeansList' (lines '164'-'202').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/util/BBBOrderUtilty.java:164:	Local variable 'priceBeansList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/util/BBBOrderUtilty.java:165:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'promotions' (lines '165'-'171').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/util/BBBOrderUtilty.java:165:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'promotions' (lines '165'-'202').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/util/BBBOrderUtilty.java:166:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'priceBeanVO' (lines '166'-'172').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/util/BBBOrderUtilty.java:166:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'priceBeanVO' (lines '166'-'202').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/util/BBBOrderUtilty.java:170:	Local variable 'priceBean' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/util/BBBOrderUtilty.java:171:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/util/BBBOrderUtilty.java:171:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'promotions' (lines '171'-'171').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/util/BBBOrderUtilty.java:171:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'promotions' (lines '171'-'202').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/util/BBBOrderUtilty.java:172:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/util/BBBOrderUtilty.java:178:	Local variable 'itemDisplayName' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/util/BBBOrderUtilty.java:211:	Parameter 'priceInfoValue' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/util/BBBOrderUtilty.java:212:	Local variable 'twoDecimalFormat' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/util/BBBOrderUtilty.java:223:	Parameter 'commItemDisplayVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/util/BBBOrderUtilty.java:223:	Parameter 'commerceItemVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/util/BBBOrderUtilty.java:227:	Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/util/BBBOrderUtilty.java:228:	Local variable 'skuVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/util/BBBOrderUtilty.java:229:	Avoid excessively long variable names like catalogRepositoryItem
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/util/BBBOrderUtilty.java:229:	Local variable 'catalogRepositoryItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/util/BBBOrderUtilty.java:230:	Avoid excessively long variable names like productRepositoryItem
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/util/BBBOrderUtilty.java:230:	Local variable 'productRepositoryItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/util/BBBOrderUtilty.java:273:	Parameter 'order' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/util/BBBOrderUtilty.java:273:	Parameter 'orderVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/util/BBBOrderUtilty.java:287:	Local variable 'formatter' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/util/BBBOrderUtilty.java:288:	Local variable 'orderDate' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/util/BBBOrderUtilty.java:292:	Local variable 'orderStatus' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/util/BBBOrderUtilty.java:309:	Parameter 'paymentGrp' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/util/BBBOrderUtilty.java:309:	Parameter 'paymentVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/util/BBBOrderUtilty.java:327:	Parameter 'paymentGrp' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/util/BBBOrderUtilty.java:327:	Parameter 'paymentVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/util/BBBOrderUtilty.java:352:	Parameter 'shippingGroups' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/util/BBBOrderUtilty.java:353:	Avoid excessively long variable names like priceInfoDisplayVO
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/util/BBBOrderUtilty.java:353:	Parameter 'priceInfoDisplayVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/util/BBBOrderUtilty.java:356:	Local variable 'itr' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/util/BBBOrderUtilty.java:358:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shippingGroupDisplayVo
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/util/BBBOrderUtilty.java:358:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'shippingGroupDisplayVo' (lines '358'-'363').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/util/BBBOrderUtilty.java:358:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'shippingGroupDisplayVo' (lines '358'-'371').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/util/BBBOrderUtilty.java:359:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'totalStateTax' (lines '359'-'364').
src/com/bbb/commerce/checkout/util/BBBOrderUtilty.java:360:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'totalCountyTax' (lines '360'-'365').
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBCountriesDroplet.java:5:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.ArrayList'
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBCountriesDroplet.java:5:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.ArrayList'
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBCountriesDroplet.java:7:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.Iterator'
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBCountriesDroplet.java:7:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.Iterator'
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBCountriesDroplet.java:8:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.List'
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBCountriesDroplet.java:8:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.List'
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBCountriesDroplet.java:10:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.Set'
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBCountriesDroplet.java:10:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.Set'
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBCountriesDroplet.java:14:	Avoid unused imports such as 'org.apache.http.auth.AUTH'
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBCountriesDroplet.java:14:	Avoid unused imports such as 'org.apache.http.auth.AUTH'
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBCountriesDroplet.java:16:	Avoid unused imports such as 'atg.repository.RepositoryException'
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBCountriesDroplet.java:16:	Avoid unused imports such as 'atg.repository.RepositoryException'
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBCountriesDroplet.java:22:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.commerce.checkout.formhandler.BBBBillingAddressFormHandler'
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBCountriesDroplet.java:22:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.commerce.checkout.formhandler.BBBBillingAddressFormHandler'
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBCountriesDroplet.java:24:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.constants.BBBCoreConstants'
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBCountriesDroplet.java:24:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.constants.BBBCoreConstants'
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBCountriesDroplet.java:53:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'countryMap' (lines '53'-'57').
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBCountriesDroplet.java:56:	Local variable 'countryCode' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBCountriesDroplet.java:89:	Parameter 'catalogTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBOrderVO.java:1:	This class has a bunch of public methods and attributes
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBOrderVO.java:9:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.rest.checkout.vo.AppliedCouponListVO'
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBOrderVO.java:9:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.rest.checkout.vo.AppliedCouponListVO'
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBOrderVO.java:19:	Too many fields
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBOrderVO.java:38:	Avoid excessively long variable names like orderPriceInfoDisplayVO
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBOrderVO.java:39:	Avoid excessively long variable names like commerceItemVOList
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBOrderVO.java:55:	Parameter 'appliedCouponsVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBOrderVO.java:63:	Field isPackAndHoldFlag has the same name as a method
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBOrderVO.java:70:	Parameter 'isPackAndHoldFlag' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBOrderVO.java:84:	Parameter 'registryMap' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBOrderVO.java:100:	Parameter 'bopusOrderNumber' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBOrderVO.java:108:	Parameter 'onlineOrderNumber' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBOrderVO.java:116:	Parameter 'submittedDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBOrderVO.java:124:	Parameter 'orderStatus' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBOrderVO.java:132:	Parameter 'carrierUrlMap' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBOrderVO.java:140:	Parameter 'orderId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBOrderVO.java:148:	Avoid excessively long variable names like commerceItemVOList
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBOrderVO.java:148:	Parameter 'commerceItemVOList' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBOrderVO.java:156:	Parameter 'affiliate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBOrderVO.java:164:	Parameter 'schoolCoupon' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBOrderVO.java:172:	Parameter 'schoolId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBOrderVO.java:180:	Parameter 'billingAddress' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBOrderVO.java:188:	Parameter 'orderType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBOrderVO.java:196:	Parameter 'bopusOrderFlag' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBOrderVO.java:201:	Parameter 'transientFlag' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBOrderVO.java:210:	Parameter 'shippingGroups' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBOrderVO.java:218:	Parameter 'paymentGroups' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBOrderVO.java:227:	Avoid excessively long variable names like orderPriceInfoDisplayVO
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBOrderVO.java:227:	Parameter 'orderPriceInfoDisplayVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBOrderVO.java:235:	Parameter 'cartItemCount' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBOrderVO.java:243:	Parameter 'trackingInfos' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBOrderVO.java:255:	Parameter 'prop65DetailMap' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBOrderVO.java:263:	Parameter 'profileId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBPopulateStatesDroplet.java:31:	Perhaps 'countrycode' could be replaced by a local variable.
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBPopulateStatesDroplet.java:40:	Parameter 'pCheckoutMgr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBPopulateStatesDroplet.java:55:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'siteId' (lines '55'-'68').
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBPopulateStatesDroplet.java:59:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBPopulateStatesDroplet.java:60:	Use equals() to compare strings instead of '==' or '!='
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBPopulateStatesDroplet.java:61:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'siteId' (lines '61'-'68').
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBPopulateStatesDroplet.java:65:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'siteId' (lines '65'-'68').
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBPopulateStatesDroplet.java:76:	Local variable 'stateList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBPopulateStatesDroplet.java:88:	Parameter 'pListOfStateVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBPopulateStatesDroplet.java:97:	Parameter 'obj1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBPopulateStatesDroplet.java:97:	Parameter 'obj2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBPopulateStatesDroplet.java:99:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'returnValue' (lines '99'-'103').
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBPopulateStatesDroplet.java:99:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'returnValue' (lines '99'-'103').
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBPopulateStatesDroplet.java:99:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'returnValue' (lines '99'-'105').
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/BBBPopulateStatesDroplet.java:99:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'returnValue' (lines '99'-'105').
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/PriceBeanDisplayVO.java:9:	Avoid excessively long variable names like promotionDisplayNameList
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/PriceBeanDisplayVO.java:15:	Parameter 'quantity' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/PriceBeanDisplayVO.java:19:	Parameter 'unitPrice' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/PriceBeanDisplayVO.java:25:	Avoid excessively long variable names like promotionDisplayNameList
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/PriceBeanDisplayVO.java:25:	Parameter 'promotionDisplayNameList' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/PriceInfoDisplayVO.java:1:	This class has a bunch of public methods and attributes
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/PriceInfoDisplayVO.java:10:	Too many fields
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/PriceInfoDisplayVO.java:22:	Avoid excessively long variable names like totalSavedPercentage
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/PriceInfoDisplayVO.java:24:	Avoid excessively long variable names like totalDiscountShare
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/PriceInfoDisplayVO.java:30:	Avoid excessively long variable names like totalShippingAmount
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/PriceInfoDisplayVO.java:38:	Avoid excessively long variable names like unitSavedPercentage
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/PriceInfoDisplayVO.java:48:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mOrderPreTaxAmount
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/PriceInfoDisplayVO.java:52:	Avoid excessively long variable names like hardgoodShippingGroupItemCount
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/PriceInfoDisplayVO.java:54:	Avoid excessively long variable names like storePickupShippingGroupItemCount
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/PriceInfoDisplayVO.java:56:	Avoid excessively long variable names like itemPromotionVOList
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/PriceInfoDisplayVO.java:58:	Avoid excessively long variable names like undiscountedItemsCount
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/PriceInfoDisplayVO.java:60:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shippingAdjustments
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/PriceInfoDisplayVO.java:74:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shippingGroupItemsTotal
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/PriceInfoDisplayVO.java:76:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shippingGroupItemTotal
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/PriceInfoDisplayVO.java:84:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mOnlinePurchaseTotal
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/PriceInfoDisplayVO.java:88:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shippingCountyLevelTax
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/PriceInfoDisplayVO.java:90:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shippingStateLevelTax
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/PriceInfoDisplayVO.java:102:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shippingCountyLevelTax
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/PriceInfoDisplayVO.java:102:	Parameter 'shippingCountyLevelTax' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/PriceInfoDisplayVO.java:116:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shippingStateLevelTax
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/PriceInfoDisplayVO.java:116:	Parameter 'shippingStateLevelTax' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/PriceInfoDisplayVO.java:130:	Parameter 'totalPreTaxAmount' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/PriceInfoDisplayVO.java:134:	Avoid excessively long variable names like estimatedShippingMethod
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/PriceInfoDisplayVO.java:149:	Parameter 'pPrevPrice' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/PriceInfoDisplayVO.java:163:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shippingGroupItemsTotal
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/PriceInfoDisplayVO.java:163:	Parameter 'shippingGroupItemsTotal' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/PriceInfoDisplayVO.java:177:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shippingGroupItemTotal
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/PriceInfoDisplayVO.java:177:	Parameter 'shippingGroupItemTotal' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/PriceInfoDisplayVO.java:192:	Parameter 'giftWrapPrice' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/PriceInfoDisplayVO.java:207:	Parameter 'rawAmount' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/PriceInfoDisplayVO.java:222:	Parameter 'totalAmount' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/PriceInfoDisplayVO.java:238:	Parameter 'storeAmount' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/PriceInfoDisplayVO.java:253:	Parameter 'totalSavedAmount' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/PriceInfoDisplayVO.java:268:	Avoid excessively long variable names like totalSavedPercentage
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/PriceInfoDisplayVO.java:268:	Parameter 'totalSavedPercentage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/PriceInfoDisplayVO.java:283:	Avoid excessively long variable names like totalDiscountShare
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/PriceInfoDisplayVO.java:283:	Parameter 'totalDiscountShare' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/PriceInfoDisplayVO.java:298:	Parameter 'itemCount' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/PriceInfoDisplayVO.java:313:	Parameter 'totalTax' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/PriceInfoDisplayVO.java:328:	Avoid excessively long variable names like totoalShippingAmount
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/PriceInfoDisplayVO.java:328:	Parameter 'totoalShippingAmount' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/PriceInfoDisplayVO.java:343:	Parameter 'unitListPrice' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/PriceInfoDisplayVO.java:358:	Parameter 'unitSalePrice' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/PriceInfoDisplayVO.java:373:	Parameter 'unitSavedAmount' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/PriceInfoDisplayVO.java:388:	Avoid excessively long variable names like unitSavedPercentage
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/PriceInfoDisplayVO.java:388:	Parameter 'unitSavedPercentage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/PriceInfoDisplayVO.java:476:	Parameter 'totalSurcharge' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/PriceInfoDisplayVO.java:490:	Parameter 'onlineTotal' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/PriceInfoDisplayVO.java:503:	Avoid excessively long variable names like hardgoodShippingGroupItemCount
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/PriceInfoDisplayVO.java:503:	Parameter 'hardgoodShippingGroupItemCount' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/PriceInfoDisplayVO.java:512:	Avoid excessively long variable names like storePickupShippingGroupItemCount
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/PriceInfoDisplayVO.java:512:	Parameter 'storePickupShippingGroupItemCount' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/PriceInfoDisplayVO.java:526:	Parameter 'orderPreTaxAmount' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/PriceInfoDisplayVO.java:541:	Avoid excessively long variable names like undiscountedItemsCount
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/PriceInfoDisplayVO.java:541:	Parameter 'undiscountedItemsCount' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/PriceInfoDisplayVO.java:555:	Parameter 'rawShippingTotal' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/PriceInfoDisplayVO.java:576:	Parameter 'ecoFeeTotal' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/PriceInfoDisplayVO.java:590:	Parameter 'giftWrapTotal' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/PriceInfoDisplayVO.java:604:	Parameter 'shippingLevelTax' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/PriceInfoDisplayVO.java:621:	Avoid excessively long variable names like itemPromotionVOList
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/PriceInfoDisplayVO.java:621:	Parameter 'itemPromotionVOList' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/PriceInfoDisplayVO.java:635:	Parameter 'priceBeans' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/PriceInfoDisplayVO.java:653:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shippingAdjustments
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/PriceInfoDisplayVO.java:653:	Parameter 'shippingAdjustments' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/PriceInfoDisplayVO.java:662:	Parameter 'itemAdjustments' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/PriceInfoDisplayVO.java:671:	Parameter 'orderAdjustments' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/PriceInfoDisplayVO.java:685:	Parameter 'onlineEcoFeeTotal' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/PriceInfoDisplayVO.java:699:	Parameter 'storeEcoFeeTotal' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/PriceInfoDisplayVO.java:703:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pOnlinePurchaseTotal
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/PriceInfoDisplayVO.java:703:	Parameter 'pOnlinePurchaseTotal' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/PriceInfoDisplayVO.java:711:	A getX() method which returns a boolean should be named isX()
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/PriceInfoDisplayVO.java:719:	Parameter 'pFreeShipping' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/PriceInfoDisplayVO.java:727:	Parameter 'surchargeSavings' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/PriceInfoDisplayVO.java:735:	Parameter 'shippingSavings' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/PriceInfoDisplayVO.java:743:	Avoid excessively long variable names like estimatedShippingMethod
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/PriceInfoDisplayVO.java:743:	Parameter 'estimatedShippingMethod' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/ShippingGroupDisplayVO.java:17:	Too many fields
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/ShippingGroupDisplayVO.java:24:	Avoid excessively long variable names like containsGiftWrapMessage
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/ShippingGroupDisplayVO.java:32:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/ShippingGroupDisplayVO.java:36:	Avoid excessively long variable names like commerceItemRelationshipCount
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/ShippingGroupDisplayVO.java:37:	Avoid excessively long variable names like commerceItemRelationshipVOList
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/ShippingGroupDisplayVO.java:39:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shippingPriceInfoDisplayVO
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/ShippingGroupDisplayVO.java:40:	Avoid excessively long variable names like trackingInfoVOList
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/ShippingGroupDisplayVO.java:41:	Avoid excessively long variable names like expectedDeliveryDate
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/ShippingGroupDisplayVO.java:59:	Parameter 'sourceId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/ShippingGroupDisplayVO.java:67:	Avoid excessively long variable names like trackingInfoVOList
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/ShippingGroupDisplayVO.java:67:	Parameter 'trackingInfoVOList' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/ShippingGroupDisplayVO.java:71:	Avoid excessively long variable names like expectedDeliveryDate
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/ShippingGroupDisplayVO.java:71:	Parameter 'expectedDeliveryDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/ShippingGroupDisplayVO.java:86:	Parameter 'containsGiftWrap' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/ShippingGroupDisplayVO.java:98:	Avoid excessively long variable names like containsGiftWrapMessage
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/ShippingGroupDisplayVO.java:98:	Parameter 'containsGiftWrapMessage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/ShippingGroupDisplayVO.java:106:	Parameter 'giftWrapMessage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/ShippingGroupDisplayVO.java:114:	Parameter 'ecoFeeItemMap' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/ShippingGroupDisplayVO.java:122:	Parameter 'shippingMethod' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/ShippingGroupDisplayVO.java:130:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/ShippingGroupDisplayVO.java:130:	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/ShippingGroupDisplayVO.java:138:	Parameter 'commerceItemCount' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/ShippingGroupDisplayVO.java:146:	Parameter 'phoneNumber' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/ShippingGroupDisplayVO.java:154:	Parameter 'email' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/ShippingGroupDisplayVO.java:162:	Avoid excessively long variable names like commerceItemRelationshipCount
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/ShippingGroupDisplayVO.java:162:	Parameter 'commerceItemRelationshipCount' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/ShippingGroupDisplayVO.java:166:	Parameter 'storeId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/ShippingGroupDisplayVO.java:174:	Parameter 'packAndHoldDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/ShippingGroupDisplayVO.java:182:	Parameter 'shippingGroupType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/ShippingGroupDisplayVO.java:190:	Parameter 'shippingAddress' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/ShippingGroupDisplayVO.java:198:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shippingPriceInfoDisplayVO
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/ShippingGroupDisplayVO.java:198:	Parameter 'shippingPriceInfoDisplayVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/ShippingGroupDisplayVO.java:206:	Avoid excessively long variable names like commerceItemRelationshipVOList
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/ShippingGroupDisplayVO.java:206:	Parameter 'commerceItemRelationshipVOList' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/ShippingGrpCIRelationshipVO.java:27:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shippingGroupItemTotal
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/ShippingGrpCIRelationshipVO.java:31:	Avoid excessively long variable names like undiscountedItemsCount
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/ShippingGrpCIRelationshipVO.java:39:	Parameter 'commerceItemId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/ShippingGrpCIRelationshipVO.java:47:	Parameter 'quantity' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/ShippingGrpCIRelationshipVO.java:54:	Parameter 'priceBeans' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/ShippingGrpCIRelationshipVO.java:62:	Avoid excessively long variable names like undiscountedItemsCount
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/ShippingGrpCIRelationshipVO.java:62:	Parameter 'undiscountedItemsCount' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/ShippingGrpCIRelationshipVO.java:70:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shippingGroupItemTotal
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/ShippingGrpCIRelationshipVO.java:70:	Parameter 'shippingGroupItemTotal' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/couponFilterVO.java:3:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.List'
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/couponFilterVO.java:3:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.List'
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/couponFilterVO.java:4:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.Map'
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/couponFilterVO.java:4:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.Map'
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/couponFilterVO.java:6:	Avoid unused imports such as 'atg.core.util.Address'
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/couponFilterVO.java:6:	Avoid unused imports such as 'atg.core.util.Address'
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/couponFilterVO.java:8:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.account.vo.order.ShipmentTrackingInfoVO'
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/couponFilterVO.java:8:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.account.vo.order.ShipmentTrackingInfoVO'
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/couponFilterVO.java:17:	Class names should begin with an uppercase character
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/couponFilterVO.java:24:	Avoid excessively long variable names like containsSKUExclusion
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/couponFilterVO.java:36:	Parameter 'pContainsBOPUS' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/couponFilterVO.java:48:	Parameter 'pContainsGiftCard' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/couponFilterVO.java:60:	Parameter 'pContainsNMC' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/couponFilterVO.java:72:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pContainsSKUExclusion
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/couponFilterVO.java:72:	Parameter 'pContainsSKUExclusion' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/common/couponFilterVO.java:84:	Parameter 'pContainsNormal' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/bean/AddItemsBean.java:44:	Parameter 'pParamRegistryId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/bean/AddItemsBean.java:62:	Parameter 'pProductId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/bean/AddItemsBean.java:80:	Parameter 'pSku' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/bean/AddItemsBean.java:98:	Parameter 'pQuantity' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/bean/AddItemsBean.java:116:	Parameter 'pRegistryId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/bean/AddItemsBean.java:134:	Parameter 'price' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/bean/GiftRegSessionBean.java:26:	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/bean/GiftRegSessionBean.java:44:	Parameter 'responseHolder' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/bean/GiftRegSessionBean.java:56:	No need to check for null before an instanceof
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/bean/GiftRegSessionBean.java:71:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'registryVO' (lines '71'-'76').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/bean/GiftRegSessionBean.java:71:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'registryVO' (lines '71'-'96').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/bean/GiftRegSessionBean.java:73:	No need to check for null before an instanceof
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/bean/GiftRegSessionBean.java:94:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/bean/GiftRegSessionBean.java:111:	Parameter 'clear' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/bean/GiftRegSessionBean.java:129:	Parameter 'registryOperation' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/bean/GiftRegSessionBean.java:147:	Parameter 'requestVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/bean/GiftRegistryViewBean.java:13:	Too many fields
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/bean/GiftRegistryViewBean.java:84:	Parameter 'siteFlag' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/bean/GiftRegistryViewBean.java:102:	Parameter 'pServiceName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/bean/GiftRegistryViewBean.java:120:	Parameter 'pRegistrySize' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/bean/GiftRegistryViewBean.java:138:	Parameter 'pSuccessURL' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/bean/GiftRegistryViewBean.java:157:	Parameter 'pSku' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/bean/GiftRegistryViewBean.java:175:	Parameter 'pQuantity' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/bean/GiftRegistryViewBean.java:193:	Parameter 'pRegistryId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/bean/GiftRegistryViewBean.java:211:	Parameter 'pUserToken' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/bean/GiftRegistryViewBean.java:229:	Parameter 'pRegToken' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/bean/GiftRegistryViewBean.java:247:	Parameter 'pRegistryName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/bean/GiftRegistryViewBean.java:265:	Parameter 'pProductId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/bean/GiftRegistryViewBean.java:283:	Parameter 'rowId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/bean/GiftRegistryViewBean.java:301:	Parameter 'pAdditem' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/bean/GiftRegistryViewBean.java:319:	Parameter 'parentProductId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/bean/GiftRegistryViewBean.java:337:	Parameter 'omniProductList' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/bean/GiftRegistryViewBean.java:345:	Parameter 'totQuantity' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/bean/GiftRegistryViewBean.java:353:	Parameter 'purchasedQty' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/bean/GiftRegistryViewBean.java:361:	Parameter 'regItemOldQty' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/AddItemToGiftRegistryDroplet.java:4:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.text.ParseException'
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/AddItemToGiftRegistryDroplet.java:4:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.text.ParseException'
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/AddItemToGiftRegistryDroplet.java:5:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.text.SimpleDateFormat'
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/AddItemToGiftRegistryDroplet.java:5:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.text.SimpleDateFormat'
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/AddItemToGiftRegistryDroplet.java:7:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.Calendar'
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/AddItemToGiftRegistryDroplet.java:7:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.Calendar'
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/AddItemToGiftRegistryDroplet.java:9:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.Comparator'
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/AddItemToGiftRegistryDroplet.java:9:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.Comparator'
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/AddItemToGiftRegistryDroplet.java:10:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.Date'
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/AddItemToGiftRegistryDroplet.java:10:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.Date'
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/AddItemToGiftRegistryDroplet.java:12:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.StringTokenizer'
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/AddItemToGiftRegistryDroplet.java:12:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.StringTokenizer'
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/AddItemToGiftRegistryDroplet.java:17:	Avoid unused imports such as 'atg.droplet.ForEach'
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/AddItemToGiftRegistryDroplet.java:17:	Avoid unused imports such as 'atg.droplet.ForEach'
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/AddItemToGiftRegistryDroplet.java:18:	Avoid unused imports such as 'atg.multisite.SiteContext'
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/AddItemToGiftRegistryDroplet.java:18:	Avoid unused imports such as 'atg.multisite.SiteContext'
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/AddItemToGiftRegistryDroplet.java:48:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mGiftRegistryManager
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/AddItemToGiftRegistryDroplet.java:68:	Parameter 'pRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/AddItemToGiftRegistryDroplet.java:69:	Parameter 'pResponse' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/AddItemToGiftRegistryDroplet.java:71:	The String literal "AddItemToGiftRegistryDroplet" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 71
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/AddItemToGiftRegistryDroplet.java:74:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'siteId' (lines '74'-'115').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/AddItemToGiftRegistryDroplet.java:74:	Local variable 'siteId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/AddItemToGiftRegistryDroplet.java:78:	Local variable 'profile' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/AddItemToGiftRegistryDroplet.java:82:	Avoid excessively long variable names like registrySkinnyVOList
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/AddItemToGiftRegistryDroplet.java:82:	Local variable 'registrySkinnyVOList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/AddItemToGiftRegistryDroplet.java:84:	Avoid excessively long variable names like eventDateComparator
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/AddItemToGiftRegistryDroplet.java:84:	Local variable 'eventDateComparator' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/AddItemToGiftRegistryDroplet.java:132:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pGiftRegistryManager
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/AddItemToGiftRegistryDroplet.java:132:	Parameter 'pGiftRegistryManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/AddItemToGiftRegistryDroplet.java:151:	Parameter 'pCatalogTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/AddItemToGiftRegistryDroplet.java:160:	A method/constructor shouldnt explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/AddItemToGiftRegistryDroplet.java:160:	A method/constructor shouldnt explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/AddItemToGiftRegistryDroplet.java:161:	Avoid excessively long variable names like profileRegistryList
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/AddItemToGiftRegistryDroplet.java:161:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'profileRegistryList' (lines '161'-'172').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/AddItemToGiftRegistryDroplet.java:161:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'profileRegistryList' (lines '161'-'193').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/AddItemToGiftRegistryDroplet.java:162:	Local variable 'pRequest' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/AddItemToGiftRegistryDroplet.java:163:	Local variable 'pResponse' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/AddItemToGiftRegistryDroplet.java:169:	Local variable 'errMsg' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/BBBPresentationDroplet.java:29:	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/BridalToolkitLinkDroplet.java:33:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mGiftRegistryManager
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/BridalToolkitLinkDroplet.java:50:	Parameter 'pRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/BridalToolkitLinkDroplet.java:51:	Parameter 'pResponse' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/BridalToolkitLinkDroplet.java:56:	Local variable 'profile' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/BridalToolkitLinkDroplet.java:57:	Avoid excessively long variable names like bridalRegistryVOList
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/BridalToolkitLinkDroplet.java:57:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bridalRegistryVOList' (lines '57'-'61').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/BridalToolkitLinkDroplet.java:58:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'siteId' (lines '58'-'86').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/BridalToolkitLinkDroplet.java:58:	Local variable 'siteId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/BridalToolkitLinkDroplet.java:98:	Avoid excessively long variable names like giftRegistryManager
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/BridalToolkitLinkDroplet.java:98:	Parameter 'giftRegistryManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/DateCalculationDroplet.java:31:	The class 'DateCalculationDroplet' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 5 (Highest = 13).
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/DateCalculationDroplet.java:34:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mGiftRegistryManager
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/DateCalculationDroplet.java:52:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pGiftRegistryManager
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/DateCalculationDroplet.java:52:	Parameter 'pGiftRegistryManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/DateCalculationDroplet.java:68:	The method 'service' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 13.
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/DateCalculationDroplet.java:73:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'eventDate' (lines '73'-'79').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/DateCalculationDroplet.java:74:	Local variable 'convertDateFlag' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/DateCalculationDroplet.java:76:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'currentSiteId' (lines '76'-'167').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/DateCalculationDroplet.java:76:	Local variable 'currentSiteId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/DateCalculationDroplet.java:78:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/DateCalculationDroplet.java:85:	Local variable 'date' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/DateCalculationDroplet.java:100:	Local variable 'currentDateDays' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/DateCalculationDroplet.java:102:	Local variable 'dateDays' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/DateCalculationDroplet.java:109:	Local variable 'remDays' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/DateCalculationDroplet.java:115:	Local variable 'remDays' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/DateCalculationDroplet.java:117:	Avoid excessively long variable names like eventDateInNextYear
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/DateCalculationDroplet.java:117:	Local variable 'eventDateInNextYear' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/DateCalculationDroplet.java:119:	Local variable 'delimeter' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/DateCalculationDroplet.java:120:	Local variable 'bDate' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/DateCalculationDroplet.java:122:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'totYearDays' (lines '122'-'125').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/DateCalculationDroplet.java:139:	Local variable 'currentMS' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/DateCalculationDroplet.java:140:	Local variable 'eventNextYearMS' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/DateCalculationDroplet.java:141:	Local variable 'daysToNextCeleb' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/GetGenderKeyDroplet.java:38:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'entry' (lines '38'-'55').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/GetGenderKeyDroplet.java:45:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'inverse' (lines '45'-'96').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/GetGenderKeyDroplet.java:47:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'genderCode' (lines '47'-'57').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/GetGenderKeyDroplet.java:47:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'genderCode' (lines '47'-'81').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/GetGenderKeyDroplet.java:47:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'genderCode' (lines '47'-'83').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/GetGenderKeyDroplet.java:47:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'genderCode' (lines '47'-'96').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/GetGenderKeyDroplet.java:49:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/GetGenderKeyDroplet.java:50:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/GetGenderKeyDroplet.java:54:	Local variable 'entry' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/GetGenderKeyDroplet.java:57:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'genderCode' (lines '57'-'57').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/GetRegistryTypeNameDroplet.java:7:	Avoid unused imports such as 'atg.multisite.SiteContext'
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/GetRegistryTypeNameDroplet.java:7:	Avoid unused imports such as 'atg.multisite.SiteContext'
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/GetRegistryTypeNameDroplet.java:29:	Avoid excessively long variable names like OUTPUT_REGISTRY_TYPE_NAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/GetRegistryTypeNameDroplet.java:55:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'siteId' (lines '55'-'78').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/GetRegistryTypeNameDroplet.java:55:	Local variable 'siteId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/GetRegistryTypeNameDroplet.java:57:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'registryTypeName' (lines '57'-'61').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/GetRegistryTypeNameDroplet.java:95:	Parameter 'catalogTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/GetRegistryVODroplet.java:45:	Avoid excessively long variable names like WEB_SERVICE_DATE_FORMAT
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/GetRegistryVODroplet.java:63:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SHOWER_SRC_DATE_FORMAT
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/GetRegistryVODroplet.java:76:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SESSION_BEAN_NUCLEUS_PATH
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/GetRegistryVODroplet.java:79:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mGiftRegistryManager
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/GetRegistryVODroplet.java:146:	Avoid excessively long variable names like futureShippingDate
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/GetRegistryVODroplet.java:186:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'srcDateFormat' (lines '186'-'188').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/GetRegistryVODroplet.java:192:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'sdfDestination' (lines '192'-'205').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/GetRegistryVODroplet.java:192:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'sdfDestination' (lines '192'-'207').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/GetRegistryVODroplet.java:193:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'strDate' (lines '193'-'210').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/GetRegistryVODroplet.java:194:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'date' (lines '194'-'196').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/GetRegistryVODroplet.java:232:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pGiftRegistryManager
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/GiftRegistryAnnouncementCardDroplet.java:9:	Avoid unused imports such as 'atg.multisite.SiteContext'
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/GiftRegistryAnnouncementCardDroplet.java:9:	Avoid unused imports such as 'atg.multisite.SiteContext'
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/GiftRegistryAnnouncementCardDroplet.java:34:	The class 'GiftRegistryAnnouncementCardDroplet' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 10).
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/GiftRegistryAnnouncementCardDroplet.java:51:	Avoid excessively long variable names like giftRegistryManager
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/GiftRegistryAnnouncementCardDroplet.java:54:	Avoid excessively long variable names like lblTxtTemplateManager
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/GiftRegistryAnnouncementCardDroplet.java:87:	The method 'service' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/GiftRegistryAnnouncementCardDroplet.java:92:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'pSiteId' (lines '92'-'170').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/GiftRegistryAnnouncementCardDroplet.java:111:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'registries' (lines '111'-'115').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/GiftRegistryAnnouncementCardDroplet.java:111:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'registries' (lines '111'-'119').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/GiftRegistryAnnouncementCardDroplet.java:125:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0) with calls to isEmpty()
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/GiftRegistryAnnouncementCardDroplet.java:144:	Avoid excessively long variable names like eventDateComparator
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/GiftRegistryAnnouncementCardDroplet.java:144:	Local variable 'eventDateComparator' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/GiftRegistryAnnouncementCardDroplet.java:184:	Avoid excessively long variable names like lblTxtTemplateManager
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/GiftRegistryAnnouncementCardDroplet.java:184:	Parameter 'lblTxtTemplateManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/GiftRegistryFetchProductIdDroplet.java:41:	Parameter 'pCatalogTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/GiftRegistryFetchProductIdDroplet.java:65:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'inStore' (lines '65'-'71').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/GiftRegistryFlyoutDroplet.java:47:	The class 'GiftRegistryFlyoutDroplet' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 10 (Highest = 78).
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/GiftRegistryFlyoutDroplet.java:59:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mGiftRegSessionBean
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/GiftRegistryFlyoutDroplet.java:76:	Parameter 'pSiteContext' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/GiftRegistryFlyoutDroplet.java:108:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/GiftRegistryFlyoutDroplet.java:108:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'repositoryItem' (lines '108'-'149').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/GiftRegistryFlyoutDroplet.java:108:	The method 'service' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 78.
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/GiftRegistryFlyoutDroplet.java:108:	The method service() has an NCSS line count of 212
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/GiftRegistryFlyoutDroplet.java:108:	The method service() has an NPath complexity of 84482
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/GiftRegistryFlyoutDroplet.java:112:	Local variable 'methodName' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/GiftRegistryFlyoutDroplet.java:114:	Local variable 'pSiteId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/GiftRegistryFlyoutDroplet.java:117:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'userRegList' (lines '117'-'129').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/GiftRegistryFlyoutDroplet.java:117:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'userRegList' (lines '117'-'407').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/GiftRegistryFlyoutDroplet.java:118:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'userActiveRegList' (lines '118'-'130').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/GiftRegistryFlyoutDroplet.java:118:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'userActiveRegList' (lines '118'-'407').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/GiftRegistryFlyoutDroplet.java:119:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pRecentRegistryId' (lines '119'-'159').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/GiftRegistryFlyoutDroplet.java:119:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pRecentRegistryId' (lines '119'-'191').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/GiftRegistryFlyoutDroplet.java:119:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'pRecentRegistryId' (lines '119'-'407').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/GiftRegistryFlyoutDroplet.java:120:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pRegSummaryVO' (lines '120'-'128').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/GiftRegistryFlyoutDroplet.java:126:	Local variable 'sessionBean' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/GiftRegistryFlyoutDroplet.java:129:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'userRegList' (lines '129'-'146').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/GiftRegistryFlyoutDroplet.java:131:	Avoid excessively long variable names like acceptableStatuses
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/GiftRegistryFlyoutDroplet.java:131:	Local variable 'acceptableStatuses' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/GiftRegistryFlyoutDroplet.java:132:	Avoid excessively long variable names like acceptableStatusesList
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/GiftRegistryFlyoutDroplet.java:132:	Local variable 'acceptableStatusesList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/GiftRegistryFlyoutDroplet.java:134:	Local variable 'statusesArray' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/GiftRegistryFlyoutDroplet.java:140:	Avoid excessively long variable names like userRegistriesRepItems
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/GiftRegistryFlyoutDroplet.java:148:	Local variable 'repositoryItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/GiftRegistryFlyoutDroplet.java:149:	Local variable 'registryId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/GiftRegistryFlyoutDroplet.java:150:	Local variable 'registryStatus' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/GiftRegistryFlyoutDroplet.java:158:	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/GiftRegistryFlyoutDroplet.java:175:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'diffDays' (lines '175'-'178').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/GiftRegistryFlyoutDroplet.java:176:	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/GiftRegistryFlyoutDroplet.java:256:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/GiftRegistryFlyoutDroplet.java:257:	Local variable 'registryStatus' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/GiftRegistryFlyoutDroplet.java:321:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/GiftRegistryFlyoutDroplet.java:322:	Local variable 'registryStatus' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/GiftRegistryFlyoutDroplet.java:385:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'userActiveRegSize' (lines '385'-'387').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/GiftRegistryFlyoutDroplet.java:419:	Parameter 'profile' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/GiftRegistryFlyoutDroplet.java:433:	Avoid excessively long variable names like giftRegSessionBean
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/GiftRegistryFlyoutDroplet.java:433:	Parameter 'giftRegSessionBean' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/GiftRegistryIdDecriptorDroplet.java:29:	Avoid excessively long variable names like OUTPUT_REGISTRY_ID
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/GiftRegistryIdDecriptorDroplet.java:36:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'registryDecId' (lines '36'-'46').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/GiftRegistryIdDecriptorDroplet.java:38:	This call to String.startsWith can be rewritten using String.charAt(0)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/GiftRegistryIdDecriptorDroplet.java:45:	Local variable 'key' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/GiftRegistryPaginationDroplet.java:8:	Avoid unused imports such as 'atg.multisite.SiteContext'
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/GiftRegistryPaginationDroplet.java:8:	Avoid unused imports such as 'atg.multisite.SiteContext'
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/GiftRegistryPaginationDroplet.java:21:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.framework.performance.BBBPerformanceConstants'
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/GiftRegistryPaginationDroplet.java:21:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.framework.performance.BBBPerformanceConstants'
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/GiftRegistryPaginationDroplet.java:24:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.profile.session.BBBSessionBean'
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/GiftRegistryPaginationDroplet.java:24:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.profile.session.BBBSessionBean'
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/GiftRegistryPaginationDroplet.java:34:	The class 'GiftRegistryPaginationDroplet' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 5 (Highest = 11).
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/GiftRegistryPaginationDroplet.java:37:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mGiftRegistryManager
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/GiftRegistryPaginationDroplet.java:40:	Avoid excessively long variable names like DEFAULT_SORT_ORDER
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/GiftRegistryPaginationDroplet.java:57:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/GiftRegistryPaginationDroplet.java:57:	The method 'service' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/GiftRegistryPaginationDroplet.java:57:	The method service() has an NPath complexity of 258
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/GiftRegistryPaginationDroplet.java:64:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'sortPassString' (lines '64'-'163').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/GiftRegistryPaginationDroplet.java:64:	Local variable 'sortPassString' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/GiftRegistryPaginationDroplet.java:66:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'sortOrder' (lines '66'-'163').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/GiftRegistryPaginationDroplet.java:66:	Local variable 'sortOrder' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/GiftRegistryPaginationDroplet.java:68:	Avoid excessively long variable names like registrySessionBean
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/GiftRegistryPaginationDroplet.java:68:	Local variable 'registrySessionBean' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/GiftRegistryPaginationDroplet.java:70:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'pSiteId' (lines '70'-'163').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/GiftRegistryPaginationDroplet.java:70:	Local variable 'pSiteId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/GiftRegistryPaginationDroplet.java:75:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pageNo' (lines '75'-'91').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/GiftRegistryPaginationDroplet.java:75:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'pageNo' (lines '75'-'163').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/GiftRegistryPaginationDroplet.java:76:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'perPage' (lines '76'-'96').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/GiftRegistryPaginationDroplet.java:76:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'perPage' (lines '76'-'163').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/GiftRegistryPaginationDroplet.java:78:	Avoid excessively long variable names like registrySummaryVOList
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/GiftRegistryPaginationDroplet.java:78:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'registrySummaryVOList' (lines '78'-'129').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/GiftRegistryPaginationDroplet.java:78:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'registrySummaryVOList' (lines '78'-'163').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/GiftRegistryPaginationDroplet.java:80:	Local variable 'registrySearchVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/GiftRegistryPaginationDroplet.java:100:	Local variable 'registryId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/GiftRegistryPaginationDroplet.java:104:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/GiftRegistryPaginationDroplet.java:110:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/GiftRegistryPaginationDroplet.java:116:	Local variable 'forStart' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/GiftRegistryPaginationDroplet.java:122:	Local variable 'searchResponseVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/GiftRegistryPaginationDroplet.java:125:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'totalResultSize' (lines '125'-'128').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/GiftRegistryPaginationDroplet.java:129:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'registrySummaryVOList' (lines '129'-'163').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/GiftRegistryPaginationDroplet.java:180:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pGiftRegistryManager
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/GiftRegistryPaginationDroplet.java:180:	Parameter 'pGiftRegistryManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/GiftRegistrySessionExpiryDroplet.java:29:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mSearchRegistryServiceName
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/GiftRegistrySessionExpiryDroplet.java:32:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/GiftRegistrySessionExpiryDroplet.java:49:	Parameter 'pCatalogTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/GiftRegistrySessionExpiryDroplet.java:57:	Parameter 'pSiteContext' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/GiftRegistrySessionExpiryDroplet.java:67:	Avoid excessively long variable names like searchRegistryServiceName
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/GiftRegistrySessionExpiryDroplet.java:67:	Parameter 'searchRegistryServiceName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/GiftRegistrySessionExpiryDroplet.java:78:	Local variable 'siteId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/GiftRegistrySessionExpiryDroplet.java:79:	Avoid excessively long variable names like registrySessionBean
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/GiftRegistrySessionExpiryDroplet.java:79:	Local variable 'registrySessionBean' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/GiftRegistrySessionExpiryDroplet.java:105:	Avoid empty catch blocks
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/GiftRegistryTypesDroplet.java:12:	Avoid unused imports such as 'atg.multisite.SiteContext'
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/GiftRegistryTypesDroplet.java:12:	Avoid unused imports such as 'atg.multisite.SiteContext'
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/GiftRegistryTypesDroplet.java:38:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mGiftRegistryManager
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/GiftRegistryTypesDroplet.java:55:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'key' (lines '55'-'73').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/GiftRegistryTypesDroplet.java:55:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'registryTypeVO' (lines '55'-'68').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/GiftRegistryTypesDroplet.java:55:	Parameter 'pRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/GiftRegistryTypesDroplet.java:56:	Parameter 'pResponse' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/GiftRegistryTypesDroplet.java:61:	Local variable 'siteId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/GiftRegistryTypesDroplet.java:64:	Local variable 'registryTypesList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/GiftRegistryTypesDroplet.java:66:	Local variable 'regTypeMap' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/GiftRegistryTypesDroplet.java:67:	Local variable 'registryTypeVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/GiftRegistryTypesDroplet.java:70:	Local variable 'sortedRegTypeList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/GiftRegistryTypesDroplet.java:71:	Local variable 'keySet' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/GiftRegistryTypesDroplet.java:72:	Local variable 'key' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/GiftRegistryTypesDroplet.java:116:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pGiftRegistryManager
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/GiftRegistryTypesDroplet.java:116:	Parameter 'pGiftRegistryManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/MyRegistriesDisplayDroplet.java:44:	The class 'MyRegistriesDisplayDroplet' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 23).
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/MyRegistriesDisplayDroplet.java:47:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mGiftRegistryTools
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/MyRegistriesDisplayDroplet.java:58:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REGISTRY_LIST_SIZE
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/MyRegistriesDisplayDroplet.java:61:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_REGINFO_FATAL_ERROR
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/MyRegistriesDisplayDroplet.java:64:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_REGINFO_SITEFLAG_USERTOKEN_ERROR
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/MyRegistriesDisplayDroplet.java:67:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_REGINFO_INVALID_INPUT_FORMAT
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/MyRegistriesDisplayDroplet.java:70:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mRegistryInfoServiceName
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/MyRegistriesDisplayDroplet.java:85:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/MyRegistriesDisplayDroplet.java:85:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'regVO' (lines '85'-'168').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/MyRegistriesDisplayDroplet.java:85:	The method 'service' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 23.
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/MyRegistriesDisplayDroplet.java:85:	The method service() has an NPath complexity of 9962
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/MyRegistriesDisplayDroplet.java:110:	Local variable 'regSearchResVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/MyRegistriesDisplayDroplet.java:164:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'summaryVO' (lines '164'-'213').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/MyRegistriesDisplayDroplet.java:164:	Local variable 'summaryVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/MyRegistriesDisplayDroplet.java:167:	Local variable 'regVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/MyRegistriesDisplayDroplet.java:176:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0) with calls to isEmpty()
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/MyRegistriesDisplayDroplet.java:179:	Local variable 'registrySummaryVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/MyRegistriesDisplayDroplet.java:251:	Parameter 'giftRegistryTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/MyRegistriesDisplayDroplet.java:270:	Avoid excessively long variable names like registryInfoServiceName
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/MyRegistriesDisplayDroplet.java:270:	Parameter 'registryInfoServiceName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/POBoxValidateDroplet.java:49:	Parameter 'pattern' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/POBoxValidateDroplet.java:76:	When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/PrefStoreInPilotStoresValidationDroplet.java:55:	Local variable 'storeId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/PrefStoreInPilotStoresValidationDroplet.java:56:	Avoid excessively long variable names like isUserAllowedToScheduleAStoreAppointment
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/PrefStoreInPilotStoresValidationDroplet.java:56:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isUserAllowedToScheduleAStoreAppointment' (lines '56'-'63').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/PrefStoreInPilotStoresValidationDroplet.java:58:	Local variable 'acceptableStores' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/PrefStoreInPilotStoresValidationDroplet.java:59:	Avoid excessively long variable names like acceptableStoresList
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/PrefStoreInPilotStoresValidationDroplet.java:59:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'acceptableStoresList' (lines '59'-'76').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/PrefStoreInPilotStoresValidationDroplet.java:59:	Local variable 'acceptableStoresList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/PrefStoreInPilotStoresValidationDroplet.java:61:	Local variable 'statusesArray' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/ProfileExistCheckDroplet.java:20:	Avoid unused imports such as 'atg.multisite.SiteContext'
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/ProfileExistCheckDroplet.java:20:	Avoid unused imports such as 'atg.multisite.SiteContext'
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/ProfileExistCheckDroplet.java:44:	Avoid excessively long variable names like OUTPUT_COREGISTRANT_STATUS
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/ProfileExistCheckDroplet.java:49:	Avoid excessively long variable names like COREGISTRANT_ON_NON_SISTER_SITE
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/ProfileExistCheckDroplet.java:85:	Avoid excessively long variable names like doesCoRegistrantExist
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/ProfileExistCheckDroplet.java:85:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'doesCoRegistrantExist' (lines '85'-'90').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/ProfileExistCheckDroplet.java:86:	When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/ProfileExistCheckDroplet.java:94:	Avoid excessively long variable names like coRegistrantStatus
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/ProfileExistCheckDroplet.java:94:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'coRegistrantStatus' (lines '94'-'103').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/ProfileExistCheckDroplet.java:99:	Avoid excessively long variable names like isUserPresentToOtherGroup
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/ProfileExistCheckDroplet.java:99:	Local variable 'isUserPresentToOtherGroup' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/ProfileExistCheckDroplet.java:152:	Parameter 'pManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryAddressOrderDroplet.java:25:	The class 'RegistryAddressOrderDroplet' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 8 (Highest = 18).
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryAddressOrderDroplet.java:30:	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryAddressOrderDroplet.java:30:	Document empty constructor
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryAddressOrderDroplet.java:48:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryAddressOrderDroplet.java:48:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'element' (lines '48'-'121').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryAddressOrderDroplet.java:48:	The method 'service' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 18.
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryAddressOrderDroplet.java:48:	The method service() has an NPath complexity of 3840
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryAddressOrderDroplet.java:56:	Avoid excessively long variable names like sortByKeysParameter
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryAddressOrderDroplet.java:59:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'wsContactAddress' (lines '59'-'201').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryAddressOrderDroplet.java:62:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'sortByKeys' (lines '62'-'64').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryAddressOrderDroplet.java:90:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryAddressOrderDroplet.java:99:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'newSortedArray' (lines '99'-'164').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryAddressOrderDroplet.java:99:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'newSortedArray' (lines '99'-'184').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryAddressOrderDroplet.java:101:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'addressWS' (lines '101'-'201').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryAddressOrderDroplet.java:102:	Avoid excessively long variable names like isWSAddFoundInAddressBook
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryAddressOrderDroplet.java:102:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isWSAddFoundInAddressBook' (lines '102'-'147').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryAddressOrderDroplet.java:103:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'addressEntry' (lines '103'-'121').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryAddressOrderDroplet.java:103:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'addressEntry' (lines '103'-'201').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryAddressOrderDroplet.java:105:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryAddressOrderDroplet.java:107:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'addLine2' (lines '107'-'109').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryAddressOrderDroplet.java:126:	Avoid excessively long variable names like addressFromProfile
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryAddressOrderDroplet.java:126:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryAddressOrderDroplet.java:128:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pAddLine2' (lines '128'-'130').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryAddressOrderDroplet.java:164:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'newSortedArray' (lines '164'-'165').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryAddressOrderDroplet.java:165:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'newSortedArray' (lines '165'-'172').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryAddressOrderDroplet.java:168:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'toIndex' (lines '168'-'201').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryAddressOrderDroplet.java:171:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryAddressOrderDroplet.java:172:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'newSortedArray' (lines '172'-'172').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryAddressOrderDroplet.java:173:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'toIndex' (lines '173'-'201').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryAddressOrderDroplet.java:218:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'resultMap' (lines '218'-'220').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryAddressOrderDroplet.java:225:	Avoid excessively long variable names like sortedArrayDefaultFirst
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryAddressOrderDroplet.java:225:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'sortedArrayDefaultFirst' (lines '225'-'233').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryAddressOrderDroplet.java:225:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'sortedArrayDefaultFirst' (lines '225'-'236').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryAddressOrderDroplet.java:227:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'index' (lines '227'-'240').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryAddressOrderDroplet.java:228:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'defaultfound' (lines '228'-'240').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryAddressOrderDroplet.java:233:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'sortedArrayDefaultFirst' (lines '233'-'233').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryAddressOrderDroplet.java:233:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'sortedArrayDefaultFirst' (lines '233'-'236').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryAddressOrderDroplet.java:234:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'defaultfound' (lines '234'-'240').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryAddressOrderDroplet.java:236:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'sortedArrayDefaultFirst' (lines '236'-'233').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryAddressOrderDroplet.java:236:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'sortedArrayDefaultFirst' (lines '236'-'236').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryAddressOrderDroplet.java:252:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'defaultMapKey' (lines '252'-'274').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryAddressOrderDroplet.java:252:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'defaultMapKey' (lines '252'-'278').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryAddressOrderDroplet.java:257:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'key' (lines '257'-'265').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryAddressOrderDroplet.java:257:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'key' (lines '257'-'278').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryAddressOrderDroplet.java:258:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'value' (lines '258'-'266').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryAddressOrderDroplet.java:258:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'value' (lines '258'-'278').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryAddressOrderDroplet.java:259:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'item' (lines '259'-'270').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryAddressOrderDroplet.java:259:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'item' (lines '259'-'278').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryAddressOrderDroplet.java:274:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'defaultMapKey' (lines '274'-'278').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryAddressOrderDroplet.java:281:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'CLASS_VERSION' is not final.
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryAddressOrderDroplet.java:281:	The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryAddressOrderDroplet.java:281:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'CLASS_VERSION' starts with uppercase character.
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryAddressOrderDroplet.java:314:	Avoid excessively long variable names like IS_WEBSERVICE_ADDRESS_IN_ADDBOOK
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryEventDateComparator.java:21:	Parameter 'sortOrder' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryEventDateComparator.java:25:	Avoid variables with short names like o1
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryEventDateComparator.java:25:	Avoid variables with short names like o2
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryEventDateComparator.java:25:	Parameter 'o1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryEventDateComparator.java:25:	Parameter 'o2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryEventDateComparator.java:26:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'registrySkinnyVO1' (lines '26'-'56').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryEventDateComparator.java:26:	Local variable 'registrySkinnyVO1' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryEventDateComparator.java:27:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'registrySkinnyVO2' (lines '27'-'56').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryEventDateComparator.java:27:	Local variable 'registrySkinnyVO2' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryEventDateComparator.java:29:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'var1' (lines '29'-'34').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryEventDateComparator.java:29:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'var1' (lines '29'-'43').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryEventDateComparator.java:29:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'var1' (lines '29'-'56').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryEventDateComparator.java:30:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'var2' (lines '30'-'35').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryEventDateComparator.java:30:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'var2' (lines '30'-'44').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryEventDateComparator.java:30:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'var2' (lines '30'-'56').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryEventDateComparator.java:31:	A switch statement does not contain a break
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryEventDateComparator.java:36:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryEventDateComparator.java:38:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryEventDateComparator.java:45:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryEventDateComparator.java:47:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryEventDateComparator.java:59:	Parameter 'date' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryEventDateComparator.java:60:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryEventDateComparator.java:62:	Avoid variables with short names like st
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryEventDateComparator.java:62:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'st' (lines '62'-'70').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryEventDateComparator.java:62:	Local variable 'st' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryEventDateComparator.java:63:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'scatteredDate' (lines '63'-'65').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryEventDateComparator.java:65:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'scatteredDate' (lines '65'-'65').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryEventDateComparator.java:67:	Local variable 'integer' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryEventDateComparator.java:68:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'integer'
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryInfoDisplayDroplet.java:1:	A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryInfoDisplayDroplet.java:10:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.Map'
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryInfoDisplayDroplet.java:10:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.Map'
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryInfoDisplayDroplet.java:16:	Avoid unused imports such as 'atg.repository.RepositoryItem'
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryInfoDisplayDroplet.java:16:	Avoid unused imports such as 'atg.repository.RepositoryItem'
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryInfoDisplayDroplet.java:50:	The class 'RegistryInfoDisplayDroplet' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 29).
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryInfoDisplayDroplet.java:53:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mGiftRegistryManager
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryInfoDisplayDroplet.java:56:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mRegistryInfoServiceName
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryInfoDisplayDroplet.java:67:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PROFILE_FAVOURITE_STORE
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryInfoDisplayDroplet.java:67:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'PROFILE_FAVOURITE_STORE'.
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryInfoDisplayDroplet.java:73:	Avoid excessively long variable names like FUTURE_SHIPPING_DATE
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryInfoDisplayDroplet.java:88:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_INVALID_REG_INFO_REQ
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryInfoDisplayDroplet.java:97:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_REGINFO_FATAL_ERROR
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryInfoDisplayDroplet.java:100:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_REGINFO_SITEFLAG_USERTOKEN_ERROR
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryInfoDisplayDroplet.java:103:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_REGINFO_INVALID_INPUT_FORMAT
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryInfoDisplayDroplet.java:108:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'profile'.
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryInfoDisplayDroplet.java:108:	Perhaps 'profile' could be replaced by a local variable.
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryInfoDisplayDroplet.java:117:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mGiftRegSessionBean
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryInfoDisplayDroplet.java:153:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryInfoDisplayDroplet.java:153:	The method 'service' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 29.
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryInfoDisplayDroplet.java:153:	The method service() has an NCSS line count of 103
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryInfoDisplayDroplet.java:153:	The method service() has an NPath complexity of 85540
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryInfoDisplayDroplet.java:158:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'registryResVO' (lines '158'-'200').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryInfoDisplayDroplet.java:159:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'registrySummaryVO' (lines '159'-'258').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryInfoDisplayDroplet.java:159:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'registrySummaryVO' (lines '159'-'417').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryInfoDisplayDroplet.java:160:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'registryVO' (lines '160'-'256').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryInfoDisplayDroplet.java:160:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'registryVO' (lines '160'-'417').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryInfoDisplayDroplet.java:163:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'registryId' (lines '163'-'176').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryInfoDisplayDroplet.java:164:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'siteId' (lines '164'-'181').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryInfoDisplayDroplet.java:165:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'evDate' (lines '165'-'303').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryInfoDisplayDroplet.java:165:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'evDate' (lines '165'-'417').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryInfoDisplayDroplet.java:166:	Avoid excessively long variable names like futureShippingDate
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryInfoDisplayDroplet.java:166:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'futureShippingDate' (lines '166'-'305').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryInfoDisplayDroplet.java:166:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'futureShippingDate' (lines '166'-'417').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryInfoDisplayDroplet.java:167:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'coRegFlag' (lines '167'-'284').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryInfoDisplayDroplet.java:167:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'coRegFlag' (lines '167'-'417').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryInfoDisplayDroplet.java:170:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'displayView' (lines '170'-'178').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryInfoDisplayDroplet.java:171:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'sdf'.
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryInfoDisplayDroplet.java:171:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'sdf' (lines '171'-'417').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryInfoDisplayDroplet.java:173:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'monthParse'.
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryInfoDisplayDroplet.java:173:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'monthParse' (lines '173'-'417').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryInfoDisplayDroplet.java:174:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'monthDisplay'.
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryInfoDisplayDroplet.java:174:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'monthDisplay' (lines '174'-'417').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryInfoDisplayDroplet.java:202:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryInfoDisplayDroplet.java:269:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryInfoDisplayDroplet.java:270:	Local variable 'acceptableStores' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryInfoDisplayDroplet.java:271:	Avoid excessively long variable names like acceptableStoresList
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryInfoDisplayDroplet.java:271:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'acceptableStoresList' (lines '271'-'417').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryInfoDisplayDroplet.java:271:	Local variable 'acceptableStoresList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryInfoDisplayDroplet.java:272:	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryInfoDisplayDroplet.java:273:	Local variable 'statusesArray' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryInfoDisplayDroplet.java:350:	Avoid excessively long variable names like acceptableStatuses
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryInfoDisplayDroplet.java:351:	Avoid excessively long variable names like acceptableStatusesList
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryInfoDisplayDroplet.java:365:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'sessionBean' (lines '365'-'417').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryInfoDisplayDroplet.java:366:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'regSummaryVO' (lines '366'-'417').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryInfoDisplayDroplet.java:440:	Avoid excessively long variable names like usersCurrentlyViewedRegistry
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryInfoDisplayDroplet.java:440:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'usersCurrentlyViewedRegistry' (lines '440'-'475').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryInfoDisplayDroplet.java:446:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryInfoDisplayDroplet.java:465:	Avoid excessively long variable names like lastViewedRegistryList
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryInfoDisplayDroplet.java:497:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'success' (lines '497'-'510').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryInfoDisplayDroplet.java:497:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'success' (lines '497'-'517').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryInfoDisplayDroplet.java:497:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'success' (lines '497'-'521').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryInfoDisplayDroplet.java:498:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'validCheck' (lines '498'-'508').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryInfoDisplayDroplet.java:498:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'validCheck' (lines '498'-'528').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryInfoDisplayDroplet.java:546:	Avoid excessively long variable names like giftRegistryManager
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryInfoDisplayDroplet.java:565:	Avoid excessively long variable names like registryInfoServiceName
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryInfoDisplayDroplet.java:615:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'profile'
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryInfoDisplayDroplet.java:652:	Avoid excessively long variable names like giftRegSessionBean
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:1:	A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:52:	The class 'RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 13).
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:55:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mGiftRegistryManager
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:58:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mRegistryItemsListServiceName
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:62:	Avoid excessively long variable names like profilePriceListPropertyName
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:70:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_REGINFO_FATAL_ERROR
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:73:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_REGINFO_SITEFLAG_USERTOKEN_ERROR
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:76:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_REGINFO_INVALID_INPUT_FORMAT
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:78:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mCertonaListMaxCount
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:92:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pCertonaListMaxCount
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:92:	Parameter 'pCertonaListMaxCount' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:115:	Avoid excessively long variable names like registryItemsListVO
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:115:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'registryItemsListVO' (lines '115'-'177').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:116:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'siteId' (lines '116'-'136').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:117:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'registryId' (lines '117'-'128').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:118:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'startIdx' (lines '118'-'132').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:119:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'blkSize' (lines '119'-'133').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:120:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isGiftGiver' (lines '120'-'134').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:121:	Avoid excessively long variable names like isAvailForWebPurchaseFlag
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:121:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isAvailForWebPurchaseFlag' (lines '121'-'135').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:122:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'sortSeq' (lines '122'-'129').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:123:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'view' (lines '123'-'130').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:124:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'eventTypeCode' (lines '124'-'131').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:180:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'registryTypeId' (lines '180'-'185').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:188:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'sortSequence' (lines '188'-'206').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:208:	The method 'processItemList' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:209:	Parameter 'registryTypeId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:210:	Avoid excessively long variable names like registryItemsListVO
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:210:	Parameter 'registryItemsListVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:260:	Local variable 'promoBoxVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:266:	Avoid excessively long variable names like listRegistryItemVO
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:266:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'listRegistryItemVO' (lines '266'-'268').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:269:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'mSkuRegItemVOMap' (lines '269'-'294').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:272:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'skuTempList' (lines '272'-'294').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:272:	Local variable 'skuTempList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:274:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'skuIds' (lines '274'-'294').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:275:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'skuIdPriceMap' (lines '275'-'294').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:277:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0) with calls to isEmpty()
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:296:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'catBucket' (lines '296'-'322').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:296:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'priString' (lines '296'-'309').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:297:	Parameter 'registryTypeId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:302:	Local variable 'priceRangeList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:307:	Local variable 'map' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:308:	Local variable 'priString' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:316:	Avoid excessively long variable names like getCategoryForRegistry
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:316:	Local variable 'getCategoryForRegistry' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:319:	Local variable 'categoryBuckets' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:320:	Local variable 'catBucket' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:336:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'catBucket' (lines '336'-'389').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:336:	The method 'getlistRegistryItemVO' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 13.
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:336:	The method getlistRegistryItemVO() has an NPath complexity of 396
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:337:	Parameter 'registryTypeId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:338:	Avoid excessively long variable names like listRegistryItemVO
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:338:	Parameter 'listRegistryItemVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:345:	Avoid variables with short names like it
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:345:	Local variable 'it' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:346:	Avoid excessively long variable names like certonaTopRegCount
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:346:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'certonaTopRegCount' (lines '346'-'355').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:347:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'tempCertonaList' (lines '347'-'434').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:347:	Local variable 'tempCertonaList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:349:	Local variable 'certonaTopRegMax' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:356:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:361:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:373:	Avoid excessively long variable names like inStockCategoryBuckets
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:374:	Avoid excessively long variable names like notInStockCategoryBuckets
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:375:	Avoid excessively long variable names like categoryTempBuckets
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:375:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'categoryTempBuckets' (lines '375'-'434').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:375:	Local variable 'categoryTempBuckets' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:376:	Avoid excessively long variable names like inStockCategoryTempBuckets
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:376:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'inStockCategoryTempBuckets' (lines '376'-'434').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:376:	Local variable 'inStockCategoryTempBuckets' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:377:	Avoid excessively long variable names like notInStockCategoryTempBuckets
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:377:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'notInStockCategoryTempBuckets' (lines '377'-'434').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:377:	Local variable 'notInStockCategoryTempBuckets' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:379:	Avoid excessively long variable names like getCategoryForRegistry
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:379:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'getCategoryForRegistry' (lines '379'-'434').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:379:	Local variable 'getCategoryForRegistry' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:388:	Local variable 'catBucket' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:393:	Local variable 'catBucket' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:398:	Local variable 'catBucket' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:436:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:436:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'bucket' (lines '436'-'538').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:436:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'key' (lines '436'-'470').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:436:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'sVo' (lines '436'-'478').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:436:	The method 'withDefaultPrice' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:437:	Parameter 'registryTypeId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:440:	Parameter 'categoryBuckets' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:441:	Avoid excessively long variable names like inStockCategoryBuckets
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:441:	Parameter 'inStockCategoryBuckets' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:442:	Avoid excessively long variable names like notInStockCategoryBuckets
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:442:	Parameter 'notInStockCategoryBuckets' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:449:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pNotInStockRegVOList
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:452:	Local variable 'priceRangeList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:469:	Local variable 'key' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:472:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:473:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:474:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:476:	Local variable 'sVo' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:477:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:479:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:479:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'reg' (lines '479'-'480').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:481:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'productId' (lines '481'-'481').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:481:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'productId' (lines '481'-'548').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:481:	Local variable 'productId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:482:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'price' (lines '482'-'489').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:484:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'plManager' (lines '484'-'484').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:484:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'plManager' (lines '484'-'548').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:484:	Local variable 'plManager' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:487:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'priceList' (lines '487'-'487').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:487:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'priceList' (lines '487'-'548').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:497:	Local variable 'itemPrice' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:502:	Local variable 'isBelowLine' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:507:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:516:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:522:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:529:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:536:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'emptyFlag' (lines '536'-'541').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:537:	Local variable 'bucket' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:538:	Local variable 'pUnList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:541:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'emptyFlag' (lines '541'-'541').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:550:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'bucket' (lines '550'-'610').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:550:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'catBucket' (lines '550'-'597').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:550:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'key' (lines '550'-'573').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:550:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'sVo' (lines '550'-'579').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:550:	The method 'withDefaultCategory' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:550:	The method withDefaultCategory() has an NPath complexity of 243
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:551:	Parameter 'registryTypeId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:554:	Parameter 'categoryBuckets' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:555:	Avoid excessively long variable names like inStockCategoryBuckets
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:555:	Parameter 'inStockCategoryBuckets' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:556:	Avoid excessively long variable names like notInStockCategoryBuckets
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:556:	Parameter 'notInStockCategoryBuckets' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:557:	Avoid excessively long variable names like getCategoryForRegistry
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:557:	Parameter 'getCategoryForRegistry' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:562:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pNotInStockRegVOList
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:572:	Local variable 'key' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:575:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:576:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:577:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:578:	Local variable 'sVo' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:596:	Local variable 'catBucket' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:608:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'emptyFlag' (lines '608'-'613').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:609:	Local variable 'bucket' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:613:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'emptyFlag' (lines '613'-'613').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:622:	Avoid variables with short names like it
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:622:	Parameter 'it' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:626:	Local variable 'registryItemVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:629:	Local variable 'productId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:644:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'listPrice' (lines '644'-'676').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:651:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'priceFound' (lines '651'-'657').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:651:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'priceFound' (lines '651'-'663').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:653:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:680:	Parameter 'pInStockRegVOList' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:680:	Parameter 'pList' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:681:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pNotInStockRegVOList
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:681:	Parameter 'pNotInStockRegVOList' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:681:	Parameter 'sVo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:687:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'reg' (lines '687'-'691').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:695:	Local variable 'isBelowLine' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:699:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:708:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'pRange' (lines '708'-'714').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:710:	Avoid excessively long variable names like inStockCategoryBuckets
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:711:	Avoid excessively long variable names like notInStockCategoryBuckets
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:712:	Parameter 'priceRangeList' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:713:	Local variable 'pRange' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:729:	Local variable 'registryTypeVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:755:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pGiftRegistryManager
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:775:	Avoid excessively long variable names like registryItemsListServiceName
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:794:	Parameter 'catalogTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:803:	Avoid excessively long variable names like listRegistryItemVO
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:803:	Parameter 'listRegistryItemVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:805:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0) with calls to isEmpty()
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:808:	Local variable 'registryItemVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:835:	Avoid excessively long variable names like profilePriceListPropertyName
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:835:	Parameter 'profilePriceListPropertyName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:849:	Parameter 'priceListManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:863:	Parameter 'topRegMaxCount' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/RegistryItemsDisplayDroplet.java:880:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REG_EVENT_TYPE_CODE
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/SelectHeaderDroplet.java:41:	The class 'SelectHeaderDroplet' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 12).
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/SelectHeaderDroplet.java:43:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mPagesWithGenericHeadOnly
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/SelectHeaderDroplet.java:45:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mPagesWithGenOrPersistentHead
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/SelectHeaderDroplet.java:47:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mPagesWithPersistentOrNoHead
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/SelectHeaderDroplet.java:49:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mPagesWithGenericHeadBabyOnly
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/SelectHeaderDroplet.java:51:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SHOW_GENERIC_HEADER
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/SelectHeaderDroplet.java:53:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SHOW_PERSISTENT_HEADER
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/SelectHeaderDroplet.java:55:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REGISTRY_SUMMARY_VO
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/SelectHeaderDroplet.java:62:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mGiftRegSessionBean
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/SelectHeaderDroplet.java:78:	Parameter 'pRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/SelectHeaderDroplet.java:79:	Parameter 'pResponse' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/SelectHeaderDroplet.java:83:	Local variable 'methodName' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/SelectHeaderDroplet.java:86:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'listUserRegIds' (lines '86'-'93').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/SelectHeaderDroplet.java:90:	Local variable 'sessionBean' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/SelectHeaderDroplet.java:93:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'listUserRegIds' (lines '93'-'150').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/SelectHeaderDroplet.java:95:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'registrySummaryVO' (lines '95'-'150').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/SelectHeaderDroplet.java:95:	Local variable 'registrySummaryVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/SelectHeaderDroplet.java:99:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'profile' (lines '99'-'150').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/SelectHeaderDroplet.java:115:	Use equals() to compare strings instead of '==' or '!='
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/SelectHeaderDroplet.java:133:	Local variable 'siteId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/SelectHeaderDroplet.java:159:	Parameter 'isTransient' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/SelectHeaderDroplet.java:159:	Parameter 'listUserRegIds' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/SelectHeaderDroplet.java:159:	Parameter 'registrySummaryVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/SelectHeaderDroplet.java:159:	The method 'isPersistentHeader' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 12.
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/SelectHeaderDroplet.java:161:	Avoid excessively long variable names like showPersistentHeader
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/SelectHeaderDroplet.java:161:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'showPersistentHeader' (lines '161'-'164').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/SelectHeaderDroplet.java:161:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'showPersistentHeader' (lines '161'-'175').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/SelectHeaderDroplet.java:161:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'showPersistentHeader' (lines '161'-'189').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/SelectHeaderDroplet.java:161:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'showPersistentHeader' (lines '161'-'193').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/SelectHeaderDroplet.java:161:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'showPersistentHeader' (lines '161'-'196').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/SelectHeaderDroplet.java:178:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/SelectHeaderDroplet.java:179:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'diffDays' (lines '179'-'182').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/SelectHeaderDroplet.java:181:	Local variable 'siteId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/SelectHeaderDroplet.java:214:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pagesWithGenericHeadOnly
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/SelectHeaderDroplet.java:231:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pagesWithGenOrPersistentHead
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/SelectHeaderDroplet.java:248:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pagesWithPersistentOrNoHead
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/SelectHeaderDroplet.java:264:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pagesWithGenericHeadBabyOnly
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/SelectHeaderDroplet.java:279:	Avoid excessively long variable names like giftRegSessionBean
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/SelectHeaderDroplet.java:279:	Parameter 'giftRegSessionBean' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/ValidateRegistryDroplet.java:18:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mGiftRegistryManager
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/ValidateRegistryDroplet.java:43:	Local variable 'registryId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/ValidateRegistryDroplet.java:46:	Local variable 'validCheck' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/ValidateRegistryDroplet.java:59:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mGiftRegistryManager
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/ValidateRegistryDroplet.java:59:	Parameter 'mGiftRegistryManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/ValidateRegistryDroplet.java:67:	Parameter 'mProfile' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/droplet/ValidateRegistryDroplet.java:75:	Parameter 'mSiteContext' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:1:	A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:1:	This class has a bunch of public methods and attributes
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:87:	Avoid really long classes.
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:87:	The class 'GiftRegistryFormHandler' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 29).
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:87:	The type has an NCSS line count of 2458
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:87:	This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:87:	Too many fields
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:88:	Avoid excessively long variable names like LBL_EMAIL_CO_REGISTRY_SUBJECT
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:103:	Avoid excessively long variable names like registrantAddressFromWS
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:104:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shippingAddressFromWS
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:105:	Avoid excessively long variable names like futureShippingAddressFromWS
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:109:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mRegistryItemsListVO
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:110:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mGiftRegistryManager
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:112:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mForgetRegPassRequestVO
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:113:	Avoid excessively long variable names like lblTxtTemplateManager
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:114:	Avoid excessively long variable names like giftRegSessionBean
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:120:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mModifiedViewBeans
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:121:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mRegistrySearchResults
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:132:	Avoid excessively long variable names like movedItemRegistryId
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:134:	Avoid excessively long variable names like modifiedItemQuantity
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:135:	Avoid excessively long variable names like moveToRegistryResponseURL
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:136:	Field totalPrice has the same name as a method
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:155:	Avoid excessively long variable names like productStringAddItemCertona
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:156:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mAddItemsToRegServiceName
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:157:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mCreateRegistryServiceName
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:158:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mSearchRegistryServiceName
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:159:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mUpdateRegItemsServiceName
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:160:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mUpdateRegServiceName
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:161:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mImportRegServiceName
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:162:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mForgetRegistryPasswordServiceName
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:163:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mAnnCardCountServiceName
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:165:	Avoid excessively long variable names like jasonCollectionObj
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:167:	Avoid excessively long variable names like registryItemOperation
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:170:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mRegistryEventType
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:172:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mRegistryIdEventType
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:174:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mRegContactAddress
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:175:	Avoid excessively long variable names like importErrorMessage
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:177:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mFutureShippingDateSelected
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:178:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mFutureShippingAddress
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:179:	Avoid excessively long variable names like coRegEmailNotFoundPopupStatus
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:180:	Avoid excessively long variable names like coRegEmailFoundPopupStatus
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:184:	Avoid excessively long variable names like forgotPasswordEmailId
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:186:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mRegistrySearchSuccessURL
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:187:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mRegistrySearchErrorURL
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:189:	Avoid excessively long variable names like forgetPasswordRegistryId
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:190:	Avoid excessively long variable names like loggedInFailureURL
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:193:	Avoid excessively long variable names like isMoveItemFromSaveForLater
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:193:	Field isMoveItemFromSaveForLater has the same name as a method
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:196:	Avoid excessively long variable names like errorFlagAddItemToRegistry
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:201:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mModifiedItemsCount
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:259:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'registryId' (lines '259'-'265').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:260:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'registryEventType' (lines '260'-'266').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:262:	Avoid excessively long variable names like registryIdEventType
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:294:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:294:	The method 'handleCreateRegistry' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 12.
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:318:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:328:	The String literal "siteFlag: " appears 9 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 328
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:330:	The String literal "userToken: " appears 12 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 330
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:332:	The String literal "ServiceName: " appears 12 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 332
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:463:	The String literal "rawtypes" appears 8 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 463
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:463:	The String literal "unchecked" appears 7 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 463
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:464:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:464:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'cookie' (lines '464'-'482').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:464:	The method 'setSessionObjects' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 16.
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:467:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'registryTypeEvent' (lines '467'-'484').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:467:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'registryTypeEvent' (lines '467'-'615').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:468:	Avoid excessively long variable names like createRegistryResVO
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:468:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'createRegistryResVO' (lines '468'-'469').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:507:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:519:	Avoid excessively long variable names like coreEmailPopupStatus
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:563:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pListUserRegIds' (lines '563'-'564').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:566:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:762:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:762:	The method 'createRegistryErrorExist' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 15.
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:762:	The method createRegistryErrorExist() has an NPath complexity of 2916
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:764:	Avoid excessively long variable names like createRegistryResVO
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:766:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'errorId' (lines '766'-'770').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:767:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'errorMessage' (lines '767'-'775').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:767:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'errorMessage' (lines '767'-'875').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:775:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'errorMessage' (lines '775'-'875').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:891:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:891:	The method 'handleUpdateRegistry' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:1028:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:1028:	The method 'setFormExceptionsForErrors' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 13.
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:1028:	The method setFormExceptionsForErrors() has an NPath complexity of 384
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:1103:	The String literal "GiftRegistryFormHandler | webservice error code=" appears 8 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 1,103
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:1209:	Avoid excessively long variable names like giftRegistryEventDate
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:1287:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'siteId'
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:1295:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'showerDate' (lines '1,295'-'1,297').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:1295:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'showerDate' (lines '1,295'-'1,299').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:1307:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'birthDate' (lines '1,307'-'1,309').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:1307:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'birthDate' (lines '1,307'-'1,311').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:1322:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'futShippingDate' (lines '1,322'-'1,324').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:1322:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'futShippingDate' (lines '1,322'-'1,326').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:1423:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:1489:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:1516:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:1516:	The method 'handleAnnouncementCardCount' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:1546:	Avoid excessively long variable names like setAnnouncementCardResVO
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:1669:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isError' (lines '1,669'-'1,675').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:1669:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isError' (lines '1,669'-'1,682').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:1669:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isError' (lines '1,669'-'1,689').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:1669:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isError' (lines '1,669'-'1,696').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:1675:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isError' (lines '1,675'-'1,682').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:1675:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isError' (lines '1,675'-'1,689').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:1675:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isError' (lines '1,675'-'1,696').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:1682:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isError' (lines '1,682'-'1,689').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:1682:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isError' (lines '1,682'-'1,696').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:1689:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isError' (lines '1,689'-'1,696').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:1747:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:1747:	The method 'handleUpdateItemToGiftRegistry' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 26.
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:1747:	The method handleUpdateItemToGiftRegistry() has an NPath complexity of 16638
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:1752:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'success' (lines '1,752'-'1,766').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:1753:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'dataAccordionId' (lines '1,753'-'2,039').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:1755:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'dataScrollTop' (lines '1,755'-'2,039').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:1775:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'success' (lines '1,775'-'1,808').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:1787:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'rowIDsGroups' (lines '1,787'-'1,790').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:1788:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'skuIDsGroups' (lines '1,788'-'1,791').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:1789:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'qtysGroups' (lines '1,789'-'1,792').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:1811:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'allCallSucess' (lines '1,811'-'1,866').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:1820:	Avoid excessively long variable names like giftRegistryViewBean
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:1820:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:1866:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'allCallSucess' (lines '1,866'-'1,866').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:1883:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:1906:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:1932:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:1942:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:1957:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:1969:	Avoid excessively long variable names like oldRequestedQuantity
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:1969:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'oldRequestedQuantity' (lines '1,969'-'2,039').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:1982:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'totalQuantity' (lines '1,982'-'1,983').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:1983:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'totalQuantity' (lines '1,983'-'1,986').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:2056:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:2056:	The method 'handleUpdateRegistryItem' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 22.
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:2056:	The method handleUpdateRegistryItem() has an NPath complexity of 26910
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:2061:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'success' (lines '2,061'-'2,075').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:2062:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'dataAccordionId' (lines '2,062'-'2,315').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:2062:	Local variable 'dataAccordionId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:2064:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'dataScrollTop' (lines '2,064'-'2,315').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:2064:	Local variable 'dataScrollTop' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:2069:	Local variable 'pRegistryId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:2078:	Local variable 'profile' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:2091:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'allCallSucess' (lines '2,091'-'2,153').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:2091:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'allCallSucess' (lines '2,091'-'2,315').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:2095:	Avoid excessively long variable names like giftRegistryViewBean
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:2095:	Local variable 'giftRegistryViewBean' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:2101:	Local variable 'pSku' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:2111:	Local variable 'regToken' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:2113:	Local variable 'itemRowId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:2129:	Local variable 'siteId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:2147:	Local variable 'mageItemsResVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:2250:	Avoid excessively long variable names like oldRequestedQuantity
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:2250:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'oldRequestedQuantity' (lines '2,250'-'2,315').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:2250:	Local variable 'oldRequestedQuantity' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:2254:	Local variable 'sessionBean' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:2257:	Local variable 'registrySummaryVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:2262:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'totalQuantity' (lines '2,262'-'2,263').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:2263:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'totalQuantity' (lines '2,263'-'2,266').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:2329:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'viewBean' (lines '2,329'-'2,338').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:2338:	Avoid excessively long variable names like giftPurchasedQuantity
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:2338:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'giftPurchasedQuantity' (lines '2,338'-'2,338').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:2338:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'giftPurchasedQuantity' (lines '2,338'-'2,373').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:2340:	Avoid excessively long variable names like newRequestedQuantity
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:2341:	Avoid excessively long variable names like oldRequestedQuantity
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:2352:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:2359:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:2385:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pPurchasedQuantity
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:2393:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'rQuantity' (lines '2,393'-'2,404').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:2393:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'rQuantity' (lines '2,393'-'2,425').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:2436:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isModified' (lines '2,436'-'2,443').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:2436:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isModified' (lines '2,436'-'2,447').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:2438:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:2438:	Use equals() to compare object references.
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:2442:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:2461:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'rowIDSGroup' (lines '2,461'-'2,467').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:2467:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'rowIDSGroup' (lines '2,467'-'2,495').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:2469:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'groupIndex' (lines '2,469'-'2,501').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:2470:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'rowIDs' (lines '2,470'-'2,475').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:2470:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'rowIDs' (lines '2,470'-'2,501').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:2474:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isPopulated' (lines '2,474'-'2,491').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:2475:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'rowIDs' (lines '2,475'-'2,475').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:2475:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'rowIDs' (lines '2,475'-'2,501').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:2476:	Avoid variables with short names like b
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:2478:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'maxIndex' (lines '2,478'-'2,480').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:2478:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'maxIndex' (lines '2,478'-'2,482').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:2488:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:2490:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:2491:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isPopulated' (lines '2,491'-'2,491').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:2495:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'rowIDSGroup' (lines '2,495'-'2,495').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:2510:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'qtysGroup' (lines '2,510'-'2,516').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:2516:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'qtysGroup' (lines '2,516'-'2,544').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:2518:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'groupIndex' (lines '2,518'-'2,550').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:2519:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'qtys' (lines '2,519'-'2,524').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:2519:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'qtys' (lines '2,519'-'2,550').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:2523:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isPopulated' (lines '2,523'-'2,540').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:2524:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'qtys' (lines '2,524'-'2,524').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:2524:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'qtys' (lines '2,524'-'2,550').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:2525:	Avoid variables with short names like b
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:2527:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'maxIndex' (lines '2,527'-'2,529').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:2527:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'maxIndex' (lines '2,527'-'2,531').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:2537:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:2539:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:2540:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isPopulated' (lines '2,540'-'2,540').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:2544:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'qtysGroup' (lines '2,544'-'2,544').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:2559:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'skuIDSGroup' (lines '2,559'-'2,565').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:2565:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'skuIDSGroup' (lines '2,565'-'2,593').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:2567:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'groupIndex' (lines '2,567'-'2,599').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:2568:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'skuIDs' (lines '2,568'-'2,573').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:2568:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'skuIDs' (lines '2,568'-'2,599').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:2572:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isPopulated' (lines '2,572'-'2,589').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:2573:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'skuIDs' (lines '2,573'-'2,573').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:2573:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'skuIDs' (lines '2,573'-'2,599').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:2574:	Avoid variables with short names like b
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:2576:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'maxIndex' (lines '2,576'-'2,578').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:2576:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'maxIndex' (lines '2,576'-'2,580').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:2586:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:2588:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:2589:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isPopulated' (lines '2,589'-'2,589').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:2593:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'skuIDSGroup' (lines '2,593'-'2,593').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:2606:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'bean' (lines '2,606'-'2,612').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:2634:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'bean' (lines '2,634'-'2,640').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:2654:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'bean' (lines '2,654'-'2,659').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:2701:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:2701:	The method 'handleRemoveItemFromGiftRegistry' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 15.
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:2701:	The method handleRemoveItemFromGiftRegistry() has an NPath complexity of 202
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:2706:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'success' (lines '2,706'-'2,726').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:2707:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'dataAccordionId' (lines '2,707'-'2,885').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:2709:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'dataScrollTop' (lines '2,709'-'2,885').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:2736:	Avoid excessively long variable names like giftRegistryViewBean
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:2743:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'prodId' (lines '2,743'-'2,885').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:2803:	Avoid excessively long variable names like oldRequestedQuantity
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:2803:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'oldRequestedQuantity' (lines '2,803'-'2,885').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:3017:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isError' (lines '3,017'-'3,022').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:3022:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isError' (lines '3,022'-'3,028').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:3051:	Local variable 'values' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:3127:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:3127:	The method 'handleEmailRegistry' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 13.
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:3143:	Avoid excessively long variable names like senderEmailAddress
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:3161:	Avoid excessively long variable names like isValidEmailAddress
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:3164:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:3177:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:3313:	Avoid unused method parameters such as 'pResponse'.
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:3453:	The String literal "err_create_reg_address_line2_invalid" appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 3,453
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:3469:	The String literal "err_create_reg_city_invalid" appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 3,469
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:3487:	The String literal "err_create_reg_zip_invalid" appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 3,487
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:3542:	Avoid excessively long variable names like futureShippingDate
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:3556:	The String literal "err_reg_shipping_date_future_invalid" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 3,556
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:3776:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:3961:	Avoid variables with short names like df
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:4043:	Avoid unused method parameters such as 'eventType1'.
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:4061:	The String literal "err_create_reg_phone_number_is_invalid" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 4,061
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:4098:	The method 'registrantAddressValidation' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:4198:	Avoid unused method parameters such as 'pEventType'.
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:4278:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:4405:	The method 'preRegistrySearch' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 17.
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:4423:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:4445:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:4495:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:4495:	The method 'searchLegacyRegistry' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 24.
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:4496:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:4524:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:4539:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:4555:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:4569:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:4577:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:4699:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:4705:	Avoid excessively long variable names like giftRegistryViewBean
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:4934:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:4934:	The method 'handleAddItemToGiftRegistry' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 29.
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:4934:	The method handleAddItemToGiftRegistry() has an NCSS line count of 135
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:4934:	The method handleAddItemToGiftRegistry() has an NPath complexity of 15683
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:4941:	Avoid excessively long variable names like giftRegistryViewBean
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:4945:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:5086:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:5111:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:5293:	Avoid excessively long variable names like giftRegistryViewBean
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:5303:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:5314:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:5333:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:5362:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:5362:	The method 'handleImportRegistry' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 18.
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:5362:	The method handleImportRegistry() has an NPath complexity of 228
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:5407:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:5816:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:5816:	The method 'handleforgetRegistryPassword' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 16.
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:5872:	Avoid excessively long variable names like forgetRegistryPass
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:5875:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:6101:	Parameter 'pPrice' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:6107:	This call to String.startsWith can be rewritten using String.charAt(0)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:6116:	Do not add empty strings
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:6142:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:6186:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:6200:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:6207:	Avoid excessively long variable names like giftRegistryViewBean
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:6244:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:6245:	Avoid excessively long variable names like listItemIdToRemove
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:6341:	Avoid excessively long variable names like listItemIdToRemove
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:6350:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:6389:	Avoid excessively long variable names like giftRegistryViewBean
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:6396:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:6479:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0) with calls to isEmpty()
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:6518:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0) with calls to isEmpty()
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:6581:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pRegistryItemsListVO
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:6619:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pRegistryEventType
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:6658:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pGiftRegistryManager
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:6759:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pRegContactAddress
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:6798:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pFutureShuppingDateSelected
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:6817:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pFutureShuppingAddress
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:6837:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pCoRegEmailNotFoundPopupStatus
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:6857:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pCoRegEmailFoundPopupStatus
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:6915:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pErrorFlagAddItemToRegistry
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:7011:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pImportErrorMessage
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:7068:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pForgotPasswordEmailId
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:7125:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pJasonCollectionObj
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:7164:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pForgetPasswordRegistryId
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:7222:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pCreateRegistryServiceName
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:7242:	Avoid excessively long variable names like searchRegistryServiceName
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:7263:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pAddItemsToRegServiceName
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:7283:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pUpdateRegItemsServiceName
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:7302:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pUpdateRegServiceName
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:7321:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pImportRegServiceName
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:7341:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pForgetRegistryPasswordServiceName
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:7360:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pAnnCardCountServiceName
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:7385:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pForgetRegPassRequestVO
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:7426:	Avoid excessively long variable names like registryItemOperation
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:7451:	Avoid excessively long variable names like registrantAddressFromWS
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:7475:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shippingAddressFromWS
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:7501:	Avoid excessively long variable names like futureShippingAddressFromWS
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:7530:	Avoid excessively long variable names like productStringAddItemCertona
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:7553:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:7566:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mModifiedItemsCount
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:7575:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mModifiedViewBeans
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:7606:	Avoid excessively long variable names like movedItemRegistryId
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:7655:	Avoid excessively long variable names like modifiedItemQuantity
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:7655:	Parameter 'modifiedItemQuantity' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:7686:	Avoid excessively long variable names like moveToRegistryResponseURL
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:7702:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pIsMoveItemFromSaveForLater
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:7710:	Parameter 'modifiedItemIndex' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:8055:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mMoveAllWishListItemsFailureResult
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:8069:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mMoveAllWishListItemsFailureResult
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:8092:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mRegistryIdEventType
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:8141:	Avoid excessively long variable names like loggedInFailureURL
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:8188:	Avoid excessively long variable names like giftRegSessionBean
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:8208:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pRegistrySearchResults
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:8247:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pRegistrySearchSuccessURL
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:8267:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pRegistrySearchErrorURL
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/formhandler/GiftRegistryFormHandler.java:8287:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pLblTxtTemplateManager
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:1:	A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:1:	High amount of different objects as members denotes a high coupling
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:1:	This class has a bunch of public methods and attributes
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:83:	Avoid really long classes.
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:83:	The class 'GiftRegistryManager' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 26).
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:83:	This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:83:	Too many fields
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:85:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mRegistryInfoServiceName
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:90:	Avoid excessively long variable names like DEFAULT_SORT_ORDER
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:93:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mGiftRegistryTools
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:99:	Avoid excessively long variable names like giftRegistryTypesDroplet
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:101:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mLinkingCoRegToRegServiceName
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:102:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mSearchRegistryServiceName
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:103:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mEmailARegistryType
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:104:	Avoid excessively long variable names like emailAPRegRegistryType
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:105:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mEmailCoFoundRegistryType
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:106:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mEmailCoNotFoundRegistryType
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:107:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mLinkCoRegProfileToRegServiceName
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:108:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mRegistrySearchServiceName
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:147:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'giftRegistryItem' (lines '147'-'154').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:179:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pProfileItem' (lines '179'-'180').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:210:	Avoid excessively long variable names like coreEmailPopupStatus
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:214:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'pProfileItem' (lines '214'-'228').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:247:	Avoid excessively long variable names like coEmailNotFoundPopup
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:247:	Avoid excessively long variable names like coEmailPopupStatus
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:258:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pCoProfileItem' (lines '258'-'260').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:283:	The method 'getRegistryInfo' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 15.
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:283:	The method getRegistryInfo() has an NPath complexity of 360
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:286:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'registrySummaryVO' (lines '286'-'302').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:286:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'registrySummaryVO' (lines '286'-'321').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:287:	Avoid excessively long variable names like registrySummaryVOForCart
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:287:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'registrySummaryVOForCart' (lines '287'-'298').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:294:	Avoid excessively long variable names like usersCurrentlyViewedRegistry
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:353:	The method 'getRegistryInfoFromWebService' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:357:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'registrySummaryVO' (lines '357'-'373').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:461:	The String literal "unchecked" appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 461
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:477:	Avoid excessively long variable names like registryTypeVOList
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:550:	Avoid excessively long variable names like registryIdRepItems
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:551:	Avoid excessively long variable names like bridalRegistryVOList
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:552:	Avoid excessively long variable names like acceptableStatuses
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:553:	Avoid excessively long variable names like acceptableStatusesList
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:553:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'acceptableStatusesList' (lines '553'-'589').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:559:	Avoid excessively long variable names like eventDateComparator
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:563:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:563:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bridalRegistryVO' (lines '563'-'563').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:563:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'bridalRegistryVO' (lines '563'-'589').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:565:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'registryStatus' (lines '565'-'565').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:565:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'registryStatus' (lines '565'-'589').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:570:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:572:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'eventDate' (lines '572'-'575').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:614:	Avoid excessively long variable names like acceptableStatuses
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:615:	Avoid excessively long variable names like acceptableStatusesList
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:615:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'acceptableStatusesList' (lines '615'-'634').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:659:	Avoid excessively long variable names like acceptableStatuses
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:660:	Avoid excessively long variable names like acceptableStatusesList
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:660:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'acceptableStatusesList' (lines '660'-'687').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:701:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pGiftRegistryViewBean
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:736:	Avoid excessively long variable names like forgotRegPassRequestVO
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:757:	Avoid excessively long variable names like createRegistryResVO
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:769:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'regId' (lines '769'-'805').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:769:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'regSumVO' (lines '769'-'805').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:769:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'registryIdRepItem' (lines '769'-'785').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:769:	The method 'searchRegistries' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 13.
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:772:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pListUserRegIds' (lines '772'-'782').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:772:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'pListUserRegIds' (lines '772'-'815').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:777:	Avoid excessively long variable names like registryIdRepItems
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:802:	Avoid variables with short names like i
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:802:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'i' (lines '802'-'815').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:806:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'arr' (lines '806'-'806').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:806:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'arr' (lines '806'-'815').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:834:	Avoid excessively long variable names like setAnnouncementCardResVO
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:854:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'registryResVO' (lines '854'-'857').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:858:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'siteId' (lines '858'-'871').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:889:	Avoid excessively long variable names like registryItemsListVO
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:967:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:967:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'regSumVO' (lines '967'-'1,114').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:967:	The method 'doCoRegLinking' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 26.
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:967:	The method doCoRegLinking() has an NPath complexity of 67568
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:972:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'noError' (lines '972'-'1,139').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:977:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'catalogSiteId' (lines '977'-'980').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:1003:	The String literal "err_gift_reg_input_field_error" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 1,003
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:1012:	The String literal "err_gift_reg_fatal_error" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 1,012
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:1020:	The String literal "err_gift_reg_siteflag_usertoken_error" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 1,020
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:1033:	The String literal "err_gift_reg_invalid_input_format" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 1,033
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:1038:	Avoid excessively long variable names like linkedRegistriesVOList
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:1041:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0) with calls to isEmpty()
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:1043:	Avoid excessively long variable names like linkCoRegToRegistries
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:1043:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'linkCoRegToRegistries' (lines '1,043'-'1,055').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:1109:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pProfileItem' (lines '1,109'-'1,121').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:1109:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'pProfileItem' (lines '1,109'-'1,139').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:1111:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'registryVO' (lines '1,111'-'1,114').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:1111:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'registryVO' (lines '1,111'-'1,139').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:1120:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:1159:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'regId' (lines '1,159'-'1,168').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:1159:	The method 'fetchUsersSoonestRegistry' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 12.
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:1162:	Avoid excessively long variable names like futureRegistrylist
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:1162:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'futureRegistrylist' (lines '1,162'-'1,209').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:1166:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:1167:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'registrySummaryVO' (lines '1,167'-'1,185').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:1167:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'registrySummaryVO' (lines '1,167'-'1,209').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:1231:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:1231:	The method 'updateRegistrantProfileInfo' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 22.
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:1231:	The method updateRegistrantProfileInfo() has an NPath complexity of 504
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:1242:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bbbAddressVO' (lines '1,242'-'1,256').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:1242:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bbbAddressVO' (lines '1,242'-'1,291').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:1242:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bbbAddressVO' (lines '1,242'-'1,323').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:1242:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'bbbAddressVO' (lines '1,242'-'1,342').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:1252:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:1256:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bbbAddressVO' (lines '1,256'-'1,257').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:1277:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'status' (lines '1,277'-'1,342').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:1287:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:1291:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bbbAddressVO' (lines '1,291'-'1,292').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:1317:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:1323:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bbbAddressVO' (lines '1,323'-'1,324').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:1433:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pCoRegEmailFoundPopupStatus
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:1434:	Avoid excessively long variable names like coEmailNotFoundPopup
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:1443:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'profileId' (lines '1,443'-'1,446').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:1521:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pGiftRegistryViewBean
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:1543:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:1543:	The method 'sendEmailRegistry' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:1543:	The method sendEmailRegistry() has an NPath complexity of 720
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:1549:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'namesRegAndCoReg' (lines '1,549'-'1,577').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:1550:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pRegAndCoRegFname' (lines '1,550'-'1,581').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:1552:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'emailSuccess' (lines '1,552'-'1,661').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:1558:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'profileId' (lines '1,558'-'1,561').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:1577:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:1581:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:1587:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:1591:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:1610:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:1661:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'emailSuccess' (lines '1,661'-'1,664').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:1688:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'registryResVO'
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:1704:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pProfileSyncRequestVO
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:1706:	Avoid excessively long variable names like profileSyncResponseVO
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:1736:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:1736:	The method 'setShippingBillingAddr' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 18.
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:1736:	The method setShippingBillingAddr() has an NPath complexity of 280
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:1737:	Avoid excessively long variable names like futureShippingAddr
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:1738:	Avoid excessively long variable names like registrantAddressFromWS
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:1739:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shippingAddressFromWS
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:1740:	Avoid excessively long variable names like futureShippingAddressFromWS
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:1744:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bbbAddressVO' (lines '1,744'-'1,775').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:1744:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bbbAddressVO' (lines '1,744'-'1,817').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:1744:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bbbAddressVO' (lines '1,744'-'1,860').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:1744:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'bbbAddressVO' (lines '1,744'-'1,870').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:1745:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'addressVO' (lines '1,745'-'1,777').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:1745:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'addressVO' (lines '1,745'-'1,819').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:1745:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'addressVO' (lines '1,745'-'1,862').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:1745:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'addressVO' (lines '1,745'-'1,870').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:1747:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'primaryPhoneNum' (lines '1,747'-'1,870').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:1772:	Avoid excessively long variable names like addressBookRepositoryId
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:1815:	Avoid excessively long variable names like addressBookRepositoryId
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:1858:	Avoid excessively long variable names like addressBookRepositoryId
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:1934:	Avoid excessively long variable names like linkCoRegProfileToRegServiceName
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:1952:	Avoid excessively long variable names like isPrimaryRegistrant
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:1956:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pProfileItem' (lines '1,956'-'1,964').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:1956:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'pProfileItem' (lines '1,956'-'2,004').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:1957:	Avoid excessively long variable names like userAlreadyExistSameSite
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:1964:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'pProfileItem' (lines '1,964'-'2,004').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:2018:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'registryIdRepItem' (lines '2,018'-'2,027').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:2021:	Avoid excessively long variable names like registryIdRepItems
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:2028:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:2041:	String.indexOf(char) is faster than String.indexOf(String).
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:2061:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'success' (lines '2,061'-'2,070').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:2069:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:2091:	Avoid excessively long variable names like registryStatuByProfileIdServiceName
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:2114:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:2114:	The method 'searchRegistryByCriteria' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 25.
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:2114:	The method searchRegistryByCriteria() has an NPath complexity of 29160
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:2120:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pRegistryVO' (lines '2,120'-'2,211').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:2120:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'pRegistryVO' (lines '2,120'-'2,217').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:2121:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pageNo' (lines '2,121'-'2,171').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:2121:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'pageNo' (lines '2,121'-'2,217').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:2122:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'perPage' (lines '2,122'-'2,176').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:2122:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'perPage' (lines '2,122'-'2,217').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:2123:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'registrySearchVO' (lines '2,123'-'2,217').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:2125:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'siteId' (lines '2,125'-'2,217').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:2129:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:2131:	The String literal "Enter either First Name & Last Name OR Registry Id while Search Registry by Criteria." appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 2,131
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:2139:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:2140:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:2198:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'searchResponseVO' (lines '2,198'-'2,199').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:2211:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pRegistryVO' (lines '2,211'-'2,212').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:2224:	Avoid excessively long variable names like registrySummaryVOs
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:2224:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'registrySummaryVO' (lines '2,224'-'2,230').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:2270:	Avoid excessively long variable names like registrySkinnyVOList
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:2270:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'registrySkinnyVOList' (lines '2,270'-'2,272').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:2272:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'registrySkinnyVOList' (lines '2,272'-'2,298').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:2274:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:2309:	Avoid excessively long variable names like registrySkinnyVOList
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:2309:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'regStatus' (lines '2,309'-'2,329').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:2309:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'registrySkinnyVO' (lines '2,309'-'2,316').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:2309:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'registrySkinnyVO' (lines '2,309'-'2,329').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:2309:	The method 'syncRegistryStatuses' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:2312:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'clearSessionCache' (lines '2,312'-'2,322').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:2312:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'clearSessionCache' (lines '2,312'-'2,336').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:2314:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0) with calls to isEmpty()
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:2327:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'foundRegistry' (lines '2,327'-'2,332').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:2332:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'foundRegistry' (lines '2,332'-'2,332').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:2336:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'clearSessionCache' (lines '2,336'-'2,336').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:2363:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'configValue' (lines '2,363'-'2,371').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:2366:	Avoid excessively long variable names like giftRegistryStatusList
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:2370:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0) with calls to isEmpty()
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:2397:	Avoid excessively long variable names like registrySkinnyVOList
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:2398:	Avoid excessively long variable names like acceptableStatuses
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:2401:	Avoid excessively long variable names like acceptableStatusesList
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:2401:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'acceptableStatusesList' (lines '2,401'-'2,418').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:2430:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'registryStatus' (lines '2,430'-'2,446').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:2431:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'repositoryItems' (lines '2,431'-'2,433').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:2433:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'repositoryItems' (lines '2,433'-'2,446').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:2450:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'registryVO' (lines '2,450'-'2,454').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:2451:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'registryName' (lines '2,451'-'2,455').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:2462:	The method 'isRegistryOwnedByProfile' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:2463:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retVal' (lines '2,463'-'2,474').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:2463:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retVal' (lines '2,463'-'2,480').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:2463:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'retVal' (lines '2,463'-'2,488').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:2474:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retVal' (lines '2,474'-'2,480').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:2503:	Avoid excessively long variable names like giftRegistryTypesDroplet
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:2509:	Avoid excessively long variable names like registryStatuByProfileIdServiceName
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:2520:	Avoid excessively long variable names like registrySearchServiceName
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:2540:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pEmailCoFoundRegistryType
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:2554:	Avoid excessively long variable names like emailAPRegRegistryType
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:2574:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pEmailCoNotFoundRegistryType
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:2593:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pEmailARegistryType
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:2611:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pGiftRegistryTools
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:2727:	Avoid excessively long variable names like linkingCoRegToRegServiceName
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:2746:	Avoid excessively long variable names like searchRegistryServiceName
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/manager/GiftRegistryManager.java:2765:	Avoid excessively long variable names like registryInfoServiceName
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/tool/GiftRegistryTools.java:1:	A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/tool/GiftRegistryTools.java:9:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.HashMap'
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/tool/GiftRegistryTools.java:9:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.HashMap'
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/tool/GiftRegistryTools.java:69:	Avoid really long classes.
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/tool/GiftRegistryTools.java:69:	The class 'GiftRegistryTools' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 15).
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/tool/GiftRegistryTools.java:69:	This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/tool/GiftRegistryTools.java:121:	Avoid excessively long variable names like setAnnouncementCardResVO
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/tool/GiftRegistryTools.java:144:	Avoid excessively long variable names like createRegistryResVO
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/tool/GiftRegistryTools.java:200:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'giftRegistryItem' (lines '200'-'265').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/tool/GiftRegistryTools.java:201:	Avoid excessively long variable names like giftRegistryRepository
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/tool/GiftRegistryTools.java:201:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'giftRegistryRepository' (lines '201'-'265').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/tool/GiftRegistryTools.java:209:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'grRepositoryItems' (lines '209'-'213').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/tool/GiftRegistryTools.java:213:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'grRepositoryItems' (lines '213'-'265').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/tool/GiftRegistryTools.java:235:	The String literal "eventDate" appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 235
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/tool/GiftRegistryTools.java:284:	Avoid excessively long variable names like giftRegistryRepoItem
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/tool/GiftRegistryTools.java:284:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'giftRegistryRepoItem' (lines '284'-'290').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/tool/GiftRegistryTools.java:287:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'params' (lines '287'-'288').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/tool/GiftRegistryTools.java:291:	The String literal "giftregistry" appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 291
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/tool/GiftRegistryTools.java:319:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'statement' (lines '319'-'326').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/tool/GiftRegistryTools.java:319:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'statement' (lines '319'-'352').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/tool/GiftRegistryTools.java:320:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'queryResult' (lines '320'-'331').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/tool/GiftRegistryTools.java:323:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/tool/GiftRegistryTools.java:324:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/tool/GiftRegistryTools.java:373:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'giftRegistryItem' (lines '373'-'379').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/tool/GiftRegistryTools.java:374:	Avoid excessively long variable names like giftRegistryRepository
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/tool/GiftRegistryTools.java:383:	The String literal "registryStatus" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 383
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/tool/GiftRegistryTools.java:427:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'dateFormat' (lines '427'-'434').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/tool/GiftRegistryTools.java:427:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'dateFormat' (lines '427'-'437').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/tool/GiftRegistryTools.java:427:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'dateFormat' (lines '427'-'451').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/tool/GiftRegistryTools.java:441:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'date' (lines '441'-'444').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/tool/GiftRegistryTools.java:444:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'date' (lines '444'-'451').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/tool/GiftRegistryTools.java:467:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'iterateRegistry' (lines '467'-'489').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/tool/GiftRegistryTools.java:467:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'registryIdRepItem' (lines '467'-'479').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/tool/GiftRegistryTools.java:471:	Avoid excessively long variable names like registrySkinnyVOList
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/tool/GiftRegistryTools.java:471:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'registrySkinnyVOList' (lines '471'-'524').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/tool/GiftRegistryTools.java:473:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pListUserRegIds' (lines '473'-'477').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/tool/GiftRegistryTools.java:474:	Avoid excessively long variable names like registryIdRepItems
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/tool/GiftRegistryTools.java:487:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/tool/GiftRegistryTools.java:541:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'registryIdRepItem' (lines '541'-'563').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/tool/GiftRegistryTools.java:545:	Avoid excessively long variable names like registrySkinnyVOList
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/tool/GiftRegistryTools.java:545:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'registrySkinnyVOList' (lines '545'-'599').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/tool/GiftRegistryTools.java:547:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pListUserRegIds' (lines '547'-'559').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/tool/GiftRegistryTools.java:547:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'pListUserRegIds' (lines '547'-'599').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/tool/GiftRegistryTools.java:548:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'dateFormat' (lines '548'-'551').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/tool/GiftRegistryTools.java:548:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'dateFormat' (lines '548'-'599').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/tool/GiftRegistryTools.java:551:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'dateFormat' (lines '551'-'599').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/tool/GiftRegistryTools.java:554:	Avoid excessively long variable names like registryIdRepItems
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/tool/GiftRegistryTools.java:559:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'pListUserRegIds' (lines '559'-'599').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/tool/GiftRegistryTools.java:561:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/tool/GiftRegistryTools.java:612:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isCanadaSite' (lines '612'-'628').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/tool/GiftRegistryTools.java:613:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'canadaSiteCode' (lines '613'-'616').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/tool/GiftRegistryTools.java:644:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'registryTypeVO' (lines '644'-'654').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/tool/GiftRegistryTools.java:656:	String.trim().length()==0 is an inefficient way to validate an empty String.
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/tool/GiftRegistryTools.java:657:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/tool/GiftRegistryTools.java:659:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/tool/GiftRegistryTools.java:661:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/tool/GiftRegistryTools.java:662:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/tool/GiftRegistryTools.java:666:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'params' (lines '666'-'667').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/tool/GiftRegistryTools.java:672:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'totalRegistries' (lines '672'-'674').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/tool/GiftRegistryTools.java:703:	Avoid variables with short names like df
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/tool/GiftRegistryTools.java:704:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'testDate' (lines '704'-'706').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/tool/GiftRegistryTools.java:706:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'testDate' (lines '706'-'726').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/tool/GiftRegistryTools.java:739:	The method 'addItemToGiftRegistry' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/tool/GiftRegistryTools.java:740:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pGiftRegistryViewBean
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/tool/GiftRegistryTools.java:743:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'addItemsResVO' (lines '743'-'774').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/tool/GiftRegistryTools.java:744:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'count' (lines '744'-'810').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/tool/GiftRegistryTools.java:763:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'profileID' (lines '763'-'763').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/tool/GiftRegistryTools.java:763:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'profileID' (lines '763'-'767').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/tool/GiftRegistryTools.java:763:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'profileID' (lines '763'-'810').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/tool/GiftRegistryTools.java:764:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'userEmailID' (lines '764'-'764').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/tool/GiftRegistryTools.java:764:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'userEmailID' (lines '764'-'768').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/tool/GiftRegistryTools.java:764:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'userEmailID' (lines '764'-'810').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/tool/GiftRegistryTools.java:767:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'profileID' (lines '767'-'763').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/tool/GiftRegistryTools.java:767:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'profileID' (lines '767'-'810').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/tool/GiftRegistryTools.java:768:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'userEmailID' (lines '768'-'764').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/tool/GiftRegistryTools.java:768:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'userEmailID' (lines '768'-'810').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/tool/GiftRegistryTools.java:785:	The String literal " |ProfileID = " appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 785
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/tool/GiftRegistryTools.java:786:	The String literal " |EmailID = " appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 786
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/tool/GiftRegistryTools.java:824:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pGiftRegistryViewBean
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/tool/GiftRegistryTools.java:850:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'importResVO' (lines '850'-'858').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/tool/GiftRegistryTools.java:875:	Avoid excessively long variable names like forgotRegPassRequestVO
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/tool/GiftRegistryTools.java:887:	Avoid excessively long variable names like forgetRegPasswordResponseVO
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/tool/GiftRegistryTools.java:905:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'iterateRegistry' (lines '905'-'920').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/tool/GiftRegistryTools.java:905:	The method 'fetchUsersSoonestOrRecent' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/tool/GiftRegistryTools.java:910:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'registryIdSoonest' (lines '910'-'937').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/tool/GiftRegistryTools.java:911:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'registryIdRecent' (lines '911'-'948').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/tool/GiftRegistryTools.java:913:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'todaysDateDays' (lines '913'-'962').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/tool/GiftRegistryTools.java:914:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'flag' (lines '914'-'930').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/tool/GiftRegistryTools.java:915:	Avoid excessively long variable names like minSoonestDaysDiff
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/tool/GiftRegistryTools.java:915:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'minSoonestDaysDiff' (lines '915'-'962').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/tool/GiftRegistryTools.java:916:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'minRecentDaysDiff' (lines '916'-'962').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/tool/GiftRegistryTools.java:930:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'flag' (lines '930'-'930').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/tool/GiftRegistryTools.java:936:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'minSoonestDaysDiff' (lines '936'-'962').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/tool/GiftRegistryTools.java:937:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'registryIdSoonest' (lines '937'-'937').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/tool/GiftRegistryTools.java:947:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'minRecentDaysDiff' (lines '947'-'962').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/tool/GiftRegistryTools.java:948:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'registryIdRecent' (lines '948'-'948').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/tool/GiftRegistryTools.java:979:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'registryResVO' (lines '979'-'993').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/tool/GiftRegistryTools.java:982:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'profileID' (lines '982'-'986').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/tool/GiftRegistryTools.java:982:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'profileID' (lines '982'-'1,021').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/tool/GiftRegistryTools.java:983:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'userEmailID' (lines '983'-'987').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/tool/GiftRegistryTools.java:983:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'userEmailID' (lines '983'-'1,021').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/tool/GiftRegistryTools.java:986:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'profileID' (lines '986'-'1,021').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/tool/GiftRegistryTools.java:987:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'userEmailID' (lines '987'-'1,021').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/tool/GiftRegistryTools.java:1000:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/tool/GiftRegistryTools.java:1041:	Avoid excessively long variable names like registryItemsListVO
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/tool/GiftRegistryTools.java:1104:	Avoid excessively long variable names like linkCoRegProfileToReg
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/tool/GiftRegistryTools.java:1119:	Parameter 'pDateFormat' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/tool/GiftRegistryTools.java:1126:	Avoid excessively long variable names like dateformatMMDDYYYY
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/tool/GiftRegistryTools.java:1144:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'dateFormat' (lines '1,144'-'1,154').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/tool/GiftRegistryTools.java:1193:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pProfileSyncRequestVO
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/tool/GiftRegistryTools.java:1198:	Avoid excessively long variable names like profileSyncResponseVO
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/tool/GiftRegistryTools.java:1242:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/tool/GiftRegistryTools.java:1242:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'item' (lines '1,242'-'1,265').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/tool/GiftRegistryTools.java:1242:	The method 'addItemJSONObjectParser' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 15.
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/tool/GiftRegistryTools.java:1242:	The method addItemJSONObjectParser() has an NPath complexity of 568
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/tool/GiftRegistryTools.java:1243:	Avoid excessively long variable names like giftRegistryViewBean
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/tool/GiftRegistryTools.java:1253:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'jsonObject' (lines '1,253'-'1,254').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/tool/GiftRegistryTools.java:1256:	Avoid excessively long variable names like dynaBeanProperties
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/tool/GiftRegistryTools.java:1265:	Avoid excessively long variable names like fieldsBeanProperties
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/tool/GiftRegistryTools.java:1266:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/tool/GiftRegistryTools.java:1272:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/tool/GiftRegistryTools.java:1299:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'listPrice' (lines '1,299'-'1,299').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/tool/GiftRegistryTools.java:1299:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'listPrice' (lines '1,299'-'1,350').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/tool/GiftRegistryTools.java:1319:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/tool/GiftRegistryTools.java:1342:	String.indexOf(char) is faster than String.indexOf(String).
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/tool/GiftRegistryTools.java:1368:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'listPrice' (lines '1,368'-'1,382').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/tool/GiftRegistryTools.java:1393:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'propertie' (lines '1,393'-'1,400').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/tool/GiftRegistryTools.java:1450:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'giftRegistryItem' (lines '1,450'-'1,479').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/tool/GiftRegistryTools.java:1451:	Avoid excessively long variable names like giftRegistryRepository
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/tool/GiftRegistryTools.java:1451:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'giftRegistryRepository' (lines '1,451'-'1,479').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/tool/GiftRegistryTools.java:1454:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'grRepositoryItems' (lines '1,454'-'1,458').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/tool/GiftRegistryTools.java:1458:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'grRepositoryItems' (lines '1,458'-'1,479').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/tool/GiftRegistryTools.java:1490:	Parameter 'pPrice' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/tool/GiftRegistryTools.java:1493:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'totalPrice' (lines '1,493'-'1,499').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/tool/GiftRegistryTools.java:1496:	This call to String.startsWith can be rewritten using String.charAt(0)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/tool/GiftRegistryTools.java:1535:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pGiftRepoItemQuery
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BBBInventoryManagerImpl.java:30:	The class 'BBBInventoryManagerImpl' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 6 (Highest = 20).
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BBBInventoryManagerImpl.java:36:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mOnlineInventoryManager
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BBBInventoryManagerImpl.java:37:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mStoreInventoryManager
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BBBInventoryManagerImpl.java:49:	Parameter 'catalogTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BBBInventoryManagerImpl.java:58:	Avoid excessively long variable names like onlineInventoryManager
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BBBInventoryManagerImpl.java:58:	Parameter 'onlineInventoryManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BBBInventoryManagerImpl.java:67:	Avoid excessively long variable names like storeInventoryManager
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BBBInventoryManagerImpl.java:67:	Parameter 'storeInventoryManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BBBInventoryManagerImpl.java:90:	Parameter 'pSiteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BBBInventoryManagerImpl.java:90:	Parameter 'pSkuId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BBBInventoryManagerImpl.java:91:	Parameter 'operation' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BBBInventoryManagerImpl.java:99:	Avoid excessively long variable names like availabilityStatus
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BBBInventoryManagerImpl.java:99:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'availabilityStatus' (lines '99'-'122').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BBBInventoryManagerImpl.java:99:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'availabilityStatus' (lines '99'-'125').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BBBInventoryManagerImpl.java:100:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'skuDetailVO' (lines '100'-'111').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BBBInventoryManagerImpl.java:119:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'caFlag' (lines '119'-'141').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BBBInventoryManagerImpl.java:119:	Local variable 'caFlag' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BBBInventoryManagerImpl.java:122:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'availabilityStatus' (lines '122'-'132').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BBBInventoryManagerImpl.java:125:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'availabilityStatus' (lines '125'-'132').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BBBInventoryManagerImpl.java:156:	Parameter 'pSiteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BBBInventoryManagerImpl.java:156:	Parameter 'pSkuId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BBBInventoryManagerImpl.java:156:	The method 'getVDCProductAvailability' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BBBInventoryManagerImpl.java:157:	Parameter 'pReqQty' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BBBInventoryManagerImpl.java:162:	Avoid variables with short names like sb
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BBBInventoryManagerImpl.java:162:	Local variable 'sb' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BBBInventoryManagerImpl.java:172:	Avoid excessively long variable names like availabilityStatus
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BBBInventoryManagerImpl.java:172:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'availabilityStatus' (lines '172'-'196').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BBBInventoryManagerImpl.java:172:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'availabilityStatus' (lines '172'-'198').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BBBInventoryManagerImpl.java:172:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'availabilityStatus' (lines '172'-'203').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BBBInventoryManagerImpl.java:172:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'availabilityStatus' (lines '172'-'205').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BBBInventoryManagerImpl.java:172:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'availabilityStatus' (lines '172'-'220').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BBBInventoryManagerImpl.java:173:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'inventoryVO' (lines '173'-'181').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BBBInventoryManagerImpl.java:189:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BBBInventoryManagerImpl.java:190:	Local variable 'afs' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BBBInventoryManagerImpl.java:196:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'availabilityStatus' (lines '196'-'220').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BBBInventoryManagerImpl.java:198:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'availabilityStatus' (lines '198'-'220').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BBBInventoryManagerImpl.java:203:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'availabilityStatus' (lines '203'-'220').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BBBInventoryManagerImpl.java:205:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'availabilityStatus' (lines '205'-'220').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BBBInventoryManagerImpl.java:240:	Parameter 'pSiteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BBBInventoryManagerImpl.java:240:	Parameter 'pSkuId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BBBInventoryManagerImpl.java:240:	The method 'getNonVDCProductAvailability' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 20.
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BBBInventoryManagerImpl.java:241:	Parameter 'caFlag' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BBBInventoryManagerImpl.java:241:	Parameter 'operation' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BBBInventoryManagerImpl.java:246:	Avoid variables with short names like sb
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BBBInventoryManagerImpl.java:246:	Local variable 'sb' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BBBInventoryManagerImpl.java:258:	Avoid excessively long variable names like availabilityStatus
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BBBInventoryManagerImpl.java:258:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'availabilityStatus' (lines '258'-'276').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BBBInventoryManagerImpl.java:258:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'availabilityStatus' (lines '258'-'278').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BBBInventoryManagerImpl.java:258:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'availabilityStatus' (lines '258'-'282').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BBBInventoryManagerImpl.java:258:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'availabilityStatus' (lines '258'-'284').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BBBInventoryManagerImpl.java:258:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'availabilityStatus' (lines '258'-'289').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BBBInventoryManagerImpl.java:258:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'availabilityStatus' (lines '258'-'291').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BBBInventoryManagerImpl.java:258:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'availabilityStatus' (lines '258'-'299').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BBBInventoryManagerImpl.java:258:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'availabilityStatus' (lines '258'-'301').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BBBInventoryManagerImpl.java:258:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'availabilityStatus' (lines '258'-'305').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BBBInventoryManagerImpl.java:258:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'availabilityStatus' (lines '258'-'307').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BBBInventoryManagerImpl.java:258:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'availabilityStatus' (lines '258'-'312').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BBBInventoryManagerImpl.java:258:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'availabilityStatus' (lines '258'-'314').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BBBInventoryManagerImpl.java:258:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'availabilityStatus' (lines '258'-'334').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BBBInventoryManagerImpl.java:259:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'inventoryVO' (lines '259'-'262').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BBBInventoryManagerImpl.java:264:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BBBInventoryManagerImpl.java:265:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'afs' (lines '265'-'334').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BBBInventoryManagerImpl.java:265:	Local variable 'afs' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BBBInventoryManagerImpl.java:266:	Local variable 'altAFS' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BBBInventoryManagerImpl.java:267:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'igr' (lines '267'-'334').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BBBInventoryManagerImpl.java:267:	Local variable 'igr' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BBBInventoryManagerImpl.java:276:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'availabilityStatus' (lines '276'-'334').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BBBInventoryManagerImpl.java:278:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'availabilityStatus' (lines '278'-'334').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BBBInventoryManagerImpl.java:282:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'availabilityStatus' (lines '282'-'334').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BBBInventoryManagerImpl.java:284:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'availabilityStatus' (lines '284'-'334').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BBBInventoryManagerImpl.java:289:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'availabilityStatus' (lines '289'-'334').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BBBInventoryManagerImpl.java:291:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'availabilityStatus' (lines '291'-'334').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BBBInventoryManagerImpl.java:299:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'availabilityStatus' (lines '299'-'334').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BBBInventoryManagerImpl.java:301:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'availabilityStatus' (lines '301'-'334').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BBBInventoryManagerImpl.java:305:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'availabilityStatus' (lines '305'-'334').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BBBInventoryManagerImpl.java:307:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'availabilityStatus' (lines '307'-'334').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BBBInventoryManagerImpl.java:312:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'availabilityStatus' (lines '312'-'334').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BBBInventoryManagerImpl.java:314:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'availabilityStatus' (lines '314'-'334').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BBBInventoryManagerImpl.java:353:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'storeId' (lines '353'-'376').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BBBInventoryManagerImpl.java:353:	Parameter 'pSiteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BBBInventoryManagerImpl.java:353:	The method 'getBOPUSProductAvailability' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 13.
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BBBInventoryManagerImpl.java:354:	Parameter 'pReqQty' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BBBInventoryManagerImpl.java:354:	Parameter 'pSkuId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BBBInventoryManagerImpl.java:354:	Parameter 'pStoreIds' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BBBInventoryManagerImpl.java:355:	Avoid excessively long variable names like storeInventoryContainer
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BBBInventoryManagerImpl.java:355:	Parameter 'operation' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BBBInventoryManagerImpl.java:355:	Parameter 'storeInventoryContainer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BBBInventoryManagerImpl.java:356:	Avoid excessively long variable names like useCachedInventory
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BBBInventoryManagerImpl.java:356:	Parameter 'useCachedInventory' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BBBInventoryManagerImpl.java:358:	Avoid excessively long variable names like storeIdInventoryMap
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BBBInventoryManagerImpl.java:358:	Local variable 'storeIdInventoryMap' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BBBInventoryManagerImpl.java:360:	Local variable 'newStoreIdList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BBBInventoryManagerImpl.java:362:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'bopusService' (lines '362'-'441').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BBBInventoryManagerImpl.java:368:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'skuThresholdVO' (lines '368'-'441').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BBBInventoryManagerImpl.java:368:	Local variable 'skuThresholdVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BBBInventoryManagerImpl.java:369:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'inventoryStatus' (lines '369'-'379').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BBBInventoryManagerImpl.java:369:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'inventoryStatus' (lines '369'-'420').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BBBInventoryManagerImpl.java:369:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'inventoryStatus' (lines '369'-'441').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BBBInventoryManagerImpl.java:370:	Avoid excessively long variable names like inventoryStatusMap
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BBBInventoryManagerImpl.java:370:	Local variable 'inventoryStatusMap' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BBBInventoryManagerImpl.java:372:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'inventoryMapKey' (lines '372'-'376').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BBBInventoryManagerImpl.java:372:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'inventoryMapKey' (lines '372'-'417').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BBBInventoryManagerImpl.java:372:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'inventoryMapKey' (lines '372'-'441').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BBBInventoryManagerImpl.java:374:	Local variable 'storeId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BBBInventoryManagerImpl.java:378:	Local variable 'invCount' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BBBInventoryManagerImpl.java:389:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'inventoryFound' (lines '389'-'396').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BBBInventoryManagerImpl.java:389:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'inventoryFound' (lines '389'-'441').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BBBInventoryManagerImpl.java:390:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'inventoryStock' (lines '390'-'411').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BBBInventoryManagerImpl.java:390:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'inventoryStock' (lines '390'-'413').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BBBInventoryManagerImpl.java:390:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'inventoryStock' (lines '390'-'441').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BBBInventoryManagerImpl.java:391:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0) with calls to isEmpty()
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BBBInventoryManagerImpl.java:392:	Local variable 'inventories' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BBBInventoryManagerImpl.java:396:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'inventoryFound' (lines '396'-'441').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BBBInventoryManagerImpl.java:444:	Parameter 'inventory' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BBBInventoryManagerImpl.java:444:	Parameter 'pReqQty' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BBBInventoryManagerImpl.java:445:	Parameter 'skuThresholdVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BBBInventoryManagerImpl.java:447:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'inventoryStatus' (lines '447'-'451').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BBBInventoryManagerImpl.java:447:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'inventoryStatus' (lines '447'-'454').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BBBInventoryManagerImpl.java:447:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'inventoryStatus' (lines '447'-'456').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BBBInventoryManagerImpl.java:447:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'inventoryStatus' (lines '447'-'463').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BBBInventoryManagerImpl.java:447:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'inventoryStatus' (lines '447'-'465').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BBBInventoryManagerImpl.java:448:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BBBStoreInventoryManagerImpl.java:31:	Avoid excessively long variable names like siteContextManager
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BBBStoreInventoryManagerImpl.java:41:	Avoid excessively long variable names like siteContextManager
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BBBStoreInventoryManagerImpl.java:41:	Parameter 'siteContextManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BBBStoreInventoryManagerImpl.java:66:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'pSiteId' (lines '66'-'78').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BBBStoreInventoryManagerImpl.java:67:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'storeInventories' (lines '67'-'71').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BBBStoreInventoryManagerImpl.java:68:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'storeIds' (lines '68'-'78').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BBBStoreInventoryManagerImpl.java:68:	Local variable 'storeIds' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BBBStoreInventoryManagerImpl.java:74:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0) with calls to isEmpty()
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BBBStoreInventoryManagerImpl.java:108:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'skuThresholdVO' (lines '108'-'142').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BBBStoreInventoryManagerImpl.java:111:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'inventoryByStore' (lines '111'-'142').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BBBStoreInventoryManagerImpl.java:115:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BBBStoreInventoryManagerImpl.java:118:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0) with calls to isEmpty()
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BopusInventoryService.java:38:	The class 'BopusInventoryService' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 14).
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BopusInventoryService.java:42:	Parameter 'catalogTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BopusInventoryService.java:46:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'inputContext' is not all capitals.
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BopusInventoryService.java:47:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'outputContext' is not all capitals.
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BopusInventoryService.java:53:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BopusInventoryService.java:62:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BopusInventoryService.java:67:	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BopusInventoryService.java:85:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'err' (lines '85'-'120').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BopusInventoryService.java:85:	The method 'getInventoryForBopusItem' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 14.
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BopusInventoryService.java:88:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'errorFlag' (lines '88'-'117').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BopusInventoryService.java:100:	Local variable 'viewFacilityList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BopusInventoryService.java:101:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0) with calls to isEmpty()
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BopusInventoryService.java:115:	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BopusInventoryService.java:117:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'errorFlag' (lines '117'-'117').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BopusInventoryService.java:118:	Local variable 'err' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BopusInventoryService.java:162:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'soapEncodedString' (lines '162'-'198').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BopusInventoryService.java:164:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'sreqVo' (lines '164'-'198').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BopusInventoryService.java:173:	Local variable 'marshaller' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BopusInventoryService.java:221:	Local variable 'unmarshaller' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BopusInventoryService.java:256:	Avoid excessively long variable names like bopusRequestConfigMap
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BopusInventoryService.java:256:	Local variable 'bopusRequestConfigMap' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/BopusInventoryService.java:297:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryFeedJob.java:6:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.ArrayList'
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryFeedJob.java:6:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.ArrayList'
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryFeedJob.java:20:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.commerce.catalog.vo.SKUDetailVO'
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryFeedJob.java:20:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.commerce.catalog.vo.SKUDetailVO'
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryFeedJob.java:24:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.exception.BBBBusinessException'
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryFeedJob.java:24:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.exception.BBBBusinessException'
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryFeedJob.java:31:	The class 'InventoryFeedJob' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 2 (Highest = 27).
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryFeedJob.java:33:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'BED_BATH_US'.
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryFeedJob.java:48:	Avoid excessively long variable names like JOB_TRANSACTION_ENABLED
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryFeedJob.java:55:	Avoid excessively long variable names like delayBeforeFeedUpdate
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryFeedJob.java:85:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mTransactionManager
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryFeedJob.java:155:	Parameter 'pJobSchedule' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryFeedJob.java:171:	Parameter 'pScheduler' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryFeedJob.java:187:	Parameter 'pInventoryManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryFeedJob.java:202:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pTransactionManager
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryFeedJob.java:202:	Parameter 'pTransactionManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryFeedJob.java:218:	Parameter 'pCatalogTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryFeedJob.java:235:	Parameter 'pSchedulerEnabled' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryFeedJob.java:241:	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryFeedJob.java:253:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryFeedJob.java:253:	Parameter 'pScheduledJob' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryFeedJob.java:253:	Parameter 'pScheduler' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryFeedJob.java:253:	The method 'doScheduledTask' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 27.
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryFeedJob.java:253:	The method doScheduledTask() has an NPath complexity of 938
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryFeedJob.java:258:	Avoid excessively long variable names like updateAllInventory
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryFeedJob.java:258:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'updateAllInventory'.
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryFeedJob.java:258:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'updateAllInventory' (lines '258'-'268').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryFeedJob.java:259:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'config' (lines '259'-'261').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryFeedJob.java:267:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0) with calls to isEmpty()
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryFeedJob.java:268:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'updateAllInventory' (lines '268'-'399').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryFeedJob.java:270:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'rollback' (lines '270'-'370').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryFeedJob.java:271:	Avoid variables with short names like td
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryFeedJob.java:271:	Local variable 'td' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryFeedJob.java:280:	Local variable 'inventoryUpdates' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryFeedJob.java:284:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0) with calls to isEmpty()
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryFeedJob.java:289:	Local variable 'inventoryFeed' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryFeedJob.java:297:	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryFeedJob.java:308:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'closeAllFeedsFlag' (lines '308'-'399').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryFeedJob.java:334:	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryFeedJob.java:370:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'rollback' (lines '370'-'373').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryFeedJob.java:415:	Avoid excessively long variable names like delayBeforeFeedUpdate
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryFeedJob.java:415:	Parameter 'delayBeforeFeedUpdate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryFeedJob.java:423:	Parameter 'mFeedStatus' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryFeedJob.java:431:	Parameter 'delayForFullFeed' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryMessageServiceListener.java:25:	The class 'InventoryMessageServiceListener' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 20).
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryMessageServiceListener.java:72:	Parameter 'context' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryMessageServiceListener.java:76:	Avoid excessively long variable names like onlineInventoryManager
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryMessageServiceListener.java:90:	Parameter 'mInventoryManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryMessageServiceListener.java:101:	Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryMessageServiceListener.java:101:	The method 'onMessage' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 20.
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryMessageServiceListener.java:103:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'unMarshaller' (lines '103'-'118').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryMessageServiceListener.java:110:	Local variable 'txtMessage' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryMessageServiceListener.java:111:	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryMessageServiceListener.java:114:	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryMessageServiceListener.java:119:	Local variable 'source' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryMessageServiceListener.java:120:	Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryMessageServiceListener.java:121:	Local variable 'sku' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryMessageServiceListener.java:122:	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryMessageServiceListener.java:126:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'inventoryVOs' (lines '126'-'128').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryMessageServiceListener.java:126:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'inventoryVOs' (lines '126'-'167').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryMessageServiceListener.java:128:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryMessageServiceListener.java:132:	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryMessageServiceListener.java:139:	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryMessageServiceListener.java:143:	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryMessageServiceListener.java:173:	A getX() method which returns a boolean should be named isX()
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryMessageServiceListener.java:177:	Parameter 'enableService' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryToolsImpl.java:1:	A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryToolsImpl.java:37:	The class 'InventoryToolsImpl' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 8 (Highest = 36).
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryToolsImpl.java:42:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mInventoryRepository
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryToolsImpl.java:48:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mTransactionManager
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryToolsImpl.java:55:	Avoid excessively long variable names like transactionManager
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryToolsImpl.java:77:	Avoid excessively long variable names like RQL_QUERY_AVAILABLE_FEED
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryToolsImpl.java:79:	Avoid excessively long variable names like RQL_QUERY_INVENTORY_SKU_QUERY
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryToolsImpl.java:97:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pInventoryRepository
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryToolsImpl.java:119:	Avoid excessively long variable names like inventoryFeedItems
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryToolsImpl.java:119:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'inventoryFeedItems' (lines '119'-'125').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryToolsImpl.java:125:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'inventoryFeedItems' (lines '125'-'137').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryToolsImpl.java:146:	Avoid excessively long variable names like inventoryDescriptor
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryToolsImpl.java:151:	Avoid excessively long variable names like inventoryDescriptorTranslation
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryToolsImpl.java:167:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'translationItemKey' (lines '167'-'182').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryToolsImpl.java:169:	Avoid excessively long variable names like inventoryDescriptor
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryToolsImpl.java:174:	The String literal "unchecked" appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 174
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryToolsImpl.java:177:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'transaltionKeys' (lines '177'-'199').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryToolsImpl.java:180:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'inventoryDescriptor' (lines '180'-'199').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryToolsImpl.java:181:	Avoid excessively long variable names like translationItemKey
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryToolsImpl.java:182:	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryToolsImpl.java:213:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'mutableRepository' (lines '213'-'233').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryToolsImpl.java:214:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'inventoryFeed' (lines '214'-'216').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryToolsImpl.java:214:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'inventoryFeed' (lines '214'-'233').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryToolsImpl.java:219:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mutableInventoryFeed
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryToolsImpl.java:221:	The String literal "feedStatus" appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 221
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryToolsImpl.java:222:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryToolsImpl.java:239:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryToolsImpl.java:239:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'inventoryItem' (lines '239'-'287').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryToolsImpl.java:239:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'repositoryItem' (lines '239'-'249').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryToolsImpl.java:239:	The method 'getRepositoryItemToInventoryFeedVO' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 26.
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryToolsImpl.java:239:	The method getRepositoryItemToInventoryFeedVO() has an NPath complexity of 2213
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryToolsImpl.java:248:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'inventoryFeed' (lines '248'-'256').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryToolsImpl.java:252:	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryToolsImpl.java:256:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryToolsImpl.java:277:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryToolsImpl.java:282:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryToolsImpl.java:288:	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryToolsImpl.java:303:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'siteId' (lines '303'-'308').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryToolsImpl.java:304:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'listOfSiteCodes' (lines '304'-'305').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryToolsImpl.java:307:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0) with calls to isEmpty()
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryToolsImpl.java:316:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0) with calls to isEmpty()
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryToolsImpl.java:329:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'msg' (lines '329'-'351').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryToolsImpl.java:363:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'inventoryVO' (lines '363'-'372').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryToolsImpl.java:363:	The method 'getSKUInventory' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 17.
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryToolsImpl.java:364:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'inventoryVOs' (lines '364'-'431').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryToolsImpl.java:365:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'inventoryItems' (lines '365'-'377').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryToolsImpl.java:365:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'inventoryItems' (lines '365'-'431').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryToolsImpl.java:366:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'globalStockLevel' (lines '366'-'380').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryToolsImpl.java:366:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'globalStockLevel' (lines '366'-'431').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryToolsImpl.java:367:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'siteStockLevel' (lines '367'-'390').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryToolsImpl.java:367:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'siteStockLevel' (lines '367'-'403').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryToolsImpl.java:367:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'siteStockLevel' (lines '367'-'431').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryToolsImpl.java:368:	Avoid excessively long variable names like registryStockLevel
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryToolsImpl.java:368:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'registryStockLevel' (lines '368'-'392').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryToolsImpl.java:368:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'registryStockLevel' (lines '368'-'407').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryToolsImpl.java:368:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'registryStockLevel' (lines '368'-'431').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryToolsImpl.java:375:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryToolsImpl.java:379:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryToolsImpl.java:382:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'siteId' (lines '382'-'384').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryToolsImpl.java:383:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0) with calls to isEmpty()
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryToolsImpl.java:400:	Avoid variables with short names like ri
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryToolsImpl.java:402:	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryToolsImpl.java:406:	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryToolsImpl.java:442:	The method 'updateSKUInventory' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 25.
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryToolsImpl.java:442:	The method updateSKUInventory() has an NPath complexity of 590
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryToolsImpl.java:443:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'mutableRepository' (lines '443'-'539').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryToolsImpl.java:444:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0) with calls to isEmpty()
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryToolsImpl.java:455:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mutableInventoryVO
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryToolsImpl.java:461:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'siteId' (lines '461'-'463').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryToolsImpl.java:462:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0) with calls to isEmpty()
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryToolsImpl.java:465:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pKey' (lines '465'-'467').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryToolsImpl.java:466:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryToolsImpl.java:489:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryToolsImpl.java:495:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryToolsImpl.java:495:	Avoid variables with short names like lr
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryToolsImpl.java:528:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'msg' (lines '528'-'528').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryToolsImpl.java:528:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'msg' (lines '528'-'539').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryToolsImpl.java:549:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryToolsImpl.java:549:	The method 'updateSKUInventoryForAllSites' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 36.
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryToolsImpl.java:549:	The method updateSKUInventoryForAllSites() has an NPath complexity of 28826
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryToolsImpl.java:555:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'mutableRepository' (lines '555'-'674').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryToolsImpl.java:556:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0) with calls to isEmpty()
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryToolsImpl.java:567:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mutableInventoryVO
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryToolsImpl.java:573:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'siteId' (lines '573'-'575').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryToolsImpl.java:574:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0) with calls to isEmpty()
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryToolsImpl.java:577:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pKey' (lines '577'-'580').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryToolsImpl.java:588:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0) with calls to isEmpty()
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryToolsImpl.java:589:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'siteId' (lines '589'-'603').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryToolsImpl.java:589:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'siteId' (lines '589'-'674').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryToolsImpl.java:602:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0) with calls to isEmpty()
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryToolsImpl.java:603:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'siteId' (lines '603'-'674').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryToolsImpl.java:624:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryToolsImpl.java:630:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryToolsImpl.java:630:	Avoid variables with short names like lr
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/InventoryToolsImpl.java:663:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'msg' (lines '663'-'674').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/OnlineInventoryManagerImpl.java:1:	A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/OnlineInventoryManagerImpl.java:9:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.Set'
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/OnlineInventoryManagerImpl.java:9:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.Set'
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/OnlineInventoryManagerImpl.java:12:	Avoid unused imports such as 'atg.repository.ItemDescriptorImpl'
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/OnlineInventoryManagerImpl.java:12:	Avoid unused imports such as 'atg.repository.ItemDescriptorImpl'
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/OnlineInventoryManagerImpl.java:13:	Avoid unused imports such as 'atg.repository.MutableRepository'
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/OnlineInventoryManagerImpl.java:13:	Avoid unused imports such as 'atg.repository.MutableRepository'
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/OnlineInventoryManagerImpl.java:14:	Avoid unused imports such as 'atg.repository.MutableRepositoryItem'
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/OnlineInventoryManagerImpl.java:14:	Avoid unused imports such as 'atg.repository.MutableRepositoryItem'
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/OnlineInventoryManagerImpl.java:24:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.commerce.catalog.vo.CollectionProductVO'
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/OnlineInventoryManagerImpl.java:24:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.commerce.catalog.vo.CollectionProductVO'
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/OnlineInventoryManagerImpl.java:25:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.commerce.catalog.vo.ProductVO'
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/OnlineInventoryManagerImpl.java:25:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.commerce.catalog.vo.ProductVO'
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/OnlineInventoryManagerImpl.java:35:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.utils.BBBUtility'
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/OnlineInventoryManagerImpl.java:35:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.utils.BBBUtility'
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/OnlineInventoryManagerImpl.java:37:	The class 'OnlineInventoryManagerImpl' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 6 (Highest = 37).
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/OnlineInventoryManagerImpl.java:52:	Parameter 'inventoryManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/OnlineInventoryManagerImpl.java:67:	Parameter 'mCatalogTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/OnlineInventoryManagerImpl.java:74:	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/OnlineInventoryManagerImpl.java:89:	Parameter 'pInventoryTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/OnlineInventoryManagerImpl.java:104:	Parameter 'queryString' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/OnlineInventoryManagerImpl.java:116:	Parameter 'siteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/OnlineInventoryManagerImpl.java:116:	Parameter 'skuId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/OnlineInventoryManagerImpl.java:119:	The String literal "Parameter skuId[" appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 119
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/OnlineInventoryManagerImpl.java:121:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/OnlineInventoryManagerImpl.java:123:	Avoid excessively long variable names like inventoryrepositoryItem
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/OnlineInventoryManagerImpl.java:123:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'inventoryrepositoryItem' (lines '123'-'127').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/OnlineInventoryManagerImpl.java:125:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'params' (lines '125'-'126').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/OnlineInventoryManagerImpl.java:156:	Parameter 'siteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/OnlineInventoryManagerImpl.java:156:	Parameter 'skuId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/OnlineInventoryManagerImpl.java:162:	Avoid excessively long variable names like skuIdInventoryVOMap
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/OnlineInventoryManagerImpl.java:162:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'skuIdInventoryVOMap' (lines '162'-'187').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/OnlineInventoryManagerImpl.java:162:	Local variable 'skuIdInventoryVOMap' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/OnlineInventoryManagerImpl.java:165:	Avoid excessively long variable names like inventoryrepositoryItem
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/OnlineInventoryManagerImpl.java:165:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'inventoryrepositoryItem' (lines '165'-'169').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/OnlineInventoryManagerImpl.java:167:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/OnlineInventoryManagerImpl.java:167:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'params' (lines '167'-'168').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/OnlineInventoryManagerImpl.java:195:	Parameter 'status' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/OnlineInventoryManagerImpl.java:214:	Parameter 'pInventoryFeeds' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/OnlineInventoryManagerImpl.java:224:	Parameter 'pInventoryFeed' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/OnlineInventoryManagerImpl.java:229:	Parameter 'siteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/OnlineInventoryManagerImpl.java:229:	Parameter 'skuId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/OnlineInventoryManagerImpl.java:234:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'startTime' (lines '234'-'264').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/OnlineInventoryManagerImpl.java:234:	Local variable 'startTime' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/OnlineInventoryManagerImpl.java:235:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/OnlineInventoryManagerImpl.java:237:	Avoid excessively long variable names like inventoryrepositoryItem
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/OnlineInventoryManagerImpl.java:237:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'inventoryrepositoryItem' (lines '237'-'242').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/OnlineInventoryManagerImpl.java:238:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'altAfs' (lines '238'-'246').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/OnlineInventoryManagerImpl.java:239:	The String literal "getAltAfs" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 239
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/OnlineInventoryManagerImpl.java:240:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'params' (lines '240'-'241').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/OnlineInventoryManagerImpl.java:267:	Parameter 'siteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/OnlineInventoryManagerImpl.java:267:	Parameter 'skuId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/OnlineInventoryManagerImpl.java:267:	The method 'getMaxStockSku' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 13.
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/OnlineInventoryManagerImpl.java:272:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'startTime' (lines '272'-'314').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/OnlineInventoryManagerImpl.java:272:	Local variable 'startTime' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/OnlineInventoryManagerImpl.java:273:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'maxInventorySkuId' (lines '273'-'298').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/OnlineInventoryManagerImpl.java:273:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'maxInventorySkuId' (lines '273'-'314').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/OnlineInventoryManagerImpl.java:274:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0) with calls to isEmpty()
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/OnlineInventoryManagerImpl.java:275:	Local variable 'inventoryList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/OnlineInventoryManagerImpl.java:278:	Avoid excessively long variable names like inventoryrepositoryItem
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/OnlineInventoryManagerImpl.java:278:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'inventoryrepositoryItem' (lines '278'-'284').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/OnlineInventoryManagerImpl.java:279:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/OnlineInventoryManagerImpl.java:279:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'inventoryVO' (lines '279'-'279').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/OnlineInventoryManagerImpl.java:279:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'inventoryVO' (lines '279'-'314').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/OnlineInventoryManagerImpl.java:279:	Local variable 'inventoryVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/OnlineInventoryManagerImpl.java:282:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/OnlineInventoryManagerImpl.java:282:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'params' (lines '282'-'283').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/OnlineInventoryManagerImpl.java:317:	Parameter 'siteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/OnlineInventoryManagerImpl.java:317:	Parameter 'skuId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/OnlineInventoryManagerImpl.java:322:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'startTime' (lines '322'-'351').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/OnlineInventoryManagerImpl.java:322:	Local variable 'startTime' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/OnlineInventoryManagerImpl.java:323:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/OnlineInventoryManagerImpl.java:325:	Avoid excessively long variable names like inventoryrepositoryItem
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/OnlineInventoryManagerImpl.java:325:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'inventoryrepositoryItem' (lines '325'-'330').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/OnlineInventoryManagerImpl.java:326:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'afs' (lines '326'-'333').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/OnlineInventoryManagerImpl.java:328:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'params' (lines '328'-'329').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/OnlineInventoryManagerImpl.java:354:	Parameter 'siteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/OnlineInventoryManagerImpl.java:354:	Parameter 'skuId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/OnlineInventoryManagerImpl.java:359:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'startTime' (lines '359'-'387').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/OnlineInventoryManagerImpl.java:359:	Local variable 'startTime' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/OnlineInventoryManagerImpl.java:360:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/OnlineInventoryManagerImpl.java:362:	Avoid excessively long variable names like inventoryrepositoryItem
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/OnlineInventoryManagerImpl.java:362:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'inventoryrepositoryItem' (lines '362'-'367').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/OnlineInventoryManagerImpl.java:363:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'igr' (lines '363'-'370').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/OnlineInventoryManagerImpl.java:365:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'params' (lines '365'-'366').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/OnlineInventoryManagerImpl.java:389:	Avoid excessively long variable names like inventoryrepositoryItem
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/OnlineInventoryManagerImpl.java:389:	Parameter 'inventoryrepositoryItem' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/OnlineInventoryManagerImpl.java:389:	The method 'getInventoryVO' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 12.
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/OnlineInventoryManagerImpl.java:389:	The method getInventoryVO() has an NPath complexity of 1025
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/OnlineInventoryManagerImpl.java:390:	Local variable 'inventoryVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/OnlineInventoryManagerImpl.java:427:	Parameter 'params' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/OnlineInventoryManagerImpl.java:427:	Parameter 'repository' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/OnlineInventoryManagerImpl.java:427:	Parameter 'rqlQuery' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/OnlineInventoryManagerImpl.java:427:	Parameter 'viewName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/OnlineInventoryManagerImpl.java:427:	The method 'executeRQLQuery' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/OnlineInventoryManagerImpl.java:428:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'statement' (lines '428'-'434').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/OnlineInventoryManagerImpl.java:428:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'statement' (lines '428'-'465').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/OnlineInventoryManagerImpl.java:429:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'queryResult' (lines '429'-'440').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/OnlineInventoryManagerImpl.java:430:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/OnlineInventoryManagerImpl.java:431:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/OnlineInventoryManagerImpl.java:433:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'startTime' (lines '433'-'465').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/OnlineInventoryManagerImpl.java:433:	Local variable 'startTime' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/OnlineInventoryManagerImpl.java:435:	Local variable 'view' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/OnlineInventoryManagerImpl.java:477:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/OnlineInventoryManagerImpl.java:477:	The method 'decrementInventoryStock' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 37.
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/OnlineInventoryManagerImpl.java:477:	The method decrementInventoryStock() has an NPath complexity of 95607
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/OnlineInventoryManagerImpl.java:479:	Avoid excessively long variable names like updateAllInventory
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/OnlineInventoryManagerImpl.java:479:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'updateAllInventory' (lines '479'-'489').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/OnlineInventoryManagerImpl.java:480:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'config' (lines '480'-'482').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/OnlineInventoryManagerImpl.java:488:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0) with calls to isEmpty()
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/OnlineInventoryManagerImpl.java:491:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'globalStock' (lines '491'-'507').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/OnlineInventoryManagerImpl.java:492:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'siteStock' (lines '492'-'508').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/OnlineInventoryManagerImpl.java:493:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'registryStock' (lines '493'-'509').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/OnlineInventoryManagerImpl.java:494:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'inventoryVO' (lines '494'-'504').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/OnlineInventoryManagerImpl.java:495:	Avoid excessively long variable names like updatedInventoryVOs
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/OnlineInventoryManagerImpl.java:495:	Local variable 'updatedInventoryVOs' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/OnlineInventoryManagerImpl.java:497:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/OnlineInventoryManagerImpl.java:506:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'skuDetailVO' (lines '506'-'588').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/OnlineInventoryManagerImpl.java:506:	Local variable 'skuDetailVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/OnlineInventoryManagerImpl.java:507:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'globalStock' (lines '507'-'588').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/OnlineInventoryManagerImpl.java:508:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'siteStock' (lines '508'-'588').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/OnlineInventoryManagerImpl.java:509:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'registryStock' (lines '509'-'529').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/OnlineInventoryManagerImpl.java:509:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'registryStock' (lines '509'-'588').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/OnlineInventoryManagerImpl.java:511:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'ordered_quantity' (lines '511'-'588').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/OnlineInventoryManagerImpl.java:511:	Local variable 'ordered_quantity' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/OnlineInventoryManagerImpl.java:511:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'ordered_quantity' is not final.
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/OnlineInventoryManagerImpl.java:520:	Local variable 'listOfSiteCodes' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/OnlineInventoryManagerImpl.java:521:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'siteId' (lines '521'-'523').
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/OnlineInventoryManagerImpl.java:522:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0) with calls to isEmpty()
src/com/bbb/commerce/inventory/OnlineInventoryManagerImpl.java:553:	Local variable 'outOfStock' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBCommerceItemManager.java:11:	Avoid unused imports such as 'atg.core.util.StringUtils'
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBCommerceItemManager.java:11:	Avoid unused imports such as 'atg.core.util.StringUtils'
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBCommerceItemManager.java:31:	The class 'BBBCommerceItemManager' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 5 (Highest = 18).
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBCommerceItemManager.java:40:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mCommerceItemMoved
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBCommerceItemManager.java:45:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mPurchaseProcessHelper
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBCommerceItemManager.java:60:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pCommerceItemMoved
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBCommerceItemManager.java:60:	Parameter 'pCommerceItemMoved' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBCommerceItemManager.java:79:	Avoid excessively long variable names like purchaseProcessHelper
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBCommerceItemManager.java:79:	Parameter 'purchaseProcessHelper' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBCommerceItemManager.java:105:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'doMergeItems' (lines '105'-'110').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBCommerceItemManager.java:105:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'doMergeItems' (lines '105'-'112').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBCommerceItemManager.java:142:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBCommerceItemManager.java:162:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBCommerceItemManager.java:164:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBCommerceItemManager.java:164:	Avoid unnecessary if..then..else statements when returning booleans
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBCommerceItemManager.java:182:	Parameter 'pSrcOrder' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBCommerceItemManager.java:183:	Parameter 'pDstOrder' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBCommerceItemManager.java:183:	Parameter 'pItem' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBCommerceItemManager.java:184:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'skuDetailVO' (lines '184'-'205').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBCommerceItemManager.java:184:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'skuDetailVO' (lines '184'-'220').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBCommerceItemManager.java:185:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bbbDestItem' (lines '185'-'188').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBCommerceItemManager.java:186:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBCommerceItemManager.java:187:	No need to check for null before an instanceof
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBCommerceItemManager.java:190:	Local variable 'bbbSrcItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBCommerceItemManager.java:205:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'skuDetailVO' (lines '205'-'220').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBCommerceItemManager.java:233:	Avoid excessively long variable names like changeStoreAfterSplitFlag
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBCommerceItemManager.java:233:	Avoid excessively long variable names like storeInventoryContainer
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBCommerceItemManager.java:233:	Parameter 'changeStoreAfterSplitFlag' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBCommerceItemManager.java:233:	Parameter 'pCommerceItem' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBCommerceItemManager.java:233:	Parameter 'pOrder' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBCommerceItemManager.java:233:	Parameter 'pQuantity' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBCommerceItemManager.java:233:	Parameter 'pShippingId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBCommerceItemManager.java:233:	Parameter 'pStoreId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBCommerceItemManager.java:233:	Parameter 'storeInventoryContainer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBCommerceItemManager.java:233:	The method 'splitCommerceItemByQuantity' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 18.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBCommerceItemManager.java:233:	The method splitCommerceItemByQuantity() has an NPath complexity of 372
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBCommerceItemManager.java:239:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'skuDetailVO' (lines '239'-'241').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBCommerceItemManager.java:241:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'skuDetailVO' (lines '241'-'325').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBCommerceItemManager.java:252:	Local variable 'shpGrpMgr' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBCommerceItemManager.java:255:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBCommerceItemManager.java:261:	Local variable 'bbbShpGrp' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBCommerceItemManager.java:293:	Local variable 'bbbHrdShpGrp' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBCommerceItemManager.java:332:	Avoid excessively long variable names like storeInventoryContainer
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBCommerceItemManager.java:332:	Parameter 'ciFinal' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBCommerceItemManager.java:332:	Parameter 'operation' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBCommerceItemManager.java:332:	Parameter 'pOrder' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBCommerceItemManager.java:332:	Parameter 'storeInventoryContainer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBCommerceItemManager.java:333:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'rolledUpQty' (lines '333'-'337').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBCommerceItemManager.java:334:	Avoid excessively long variable names like availabilityStatus
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBCommerceItemManager.java:334:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'availabilityStatus' (lines '334'-'339').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBCommerceItemManager.java:339:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'availabilityStatus' (lines '339'-'345').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBCommerceItemManager.java:345:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'availabilityStatus' (lines '345'-'352').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBCommerceItemManager.java:362:	Parameter 'pCommerceItem' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBCommerceItemManager.java:362:	Parameter 'pOrder' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBCommerceItemManager.java:362:	Parameter 'pStoreId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBCommerceItemManager.java:362:	The method 'modifyCommerceItemShippingGroup' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBCommerceItemManager.java:368:	Local variable 'shpGrpMgr' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBCommerceItemManager.java:369:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBCommerceItemManager.java:375:	Local variable 'bbbShpGrp' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBCommerceItemManager.java:386:	Local variable 'bbbHrdShpGrp' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderManager.java:6:	A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderManager.java:54:	The class 'BBBOrderManager' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 13).
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderManager.java:54:	This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderManager.java:74:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mPurchaseProcessHelper
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderManager.java:116:	Avoid excessively long variable names like purchaseProcessHelper
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderManager.java:146:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pDestShippingGroup
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderManager.java:146:	Parameter 'pSrcShippingGroup' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderManager.java:161:	Parameter 'pOrder' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderManager.java:162:	Parameter 'pShippingGroup' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderManager.java:176:	Parameter 'pDestOrder' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderManager.java:176:	Parameter 'pSrcOrder' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderManager.java:196:	The String literal "unchecked" appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 196
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderManager.java:197:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'id' (lines '197'-'232').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderManager.java:197:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'id' (lines '197'-'234').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderManager.java:197:	Parameter 'pSrcOrder' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderManager.java:197:	The method 'removeGiftWrapCommerceItems' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 13.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderManager.java:197:	The method removeGiftWrapCommerceItems() has an NPath complexity of 252
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderManager.java:207:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderManager.java:209:	Avoid excessively long variable names like commerceIdsToRemove
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderManager.java:230:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderManager.java:230:	Local variable 'id' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderManager.java:261:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'item' (lines '261'-'295').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderManager.java:261:	Parameter 'pOrder' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderManager.java:261:	Parameter 'pRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderManager.java:261:	The method 'updateAvailabilityMapInOrder' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderManager.java:265:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'startTime' (lines '265'-'347').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderManager.java:266:	Local variable 'methodName' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderManager.java:267:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isMonitorCanceled' (lines '267'-'318').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderManager.java:267:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'isMonitorCanceled' (lines '267'-'347').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderManager.java:272:	Local variable 'bbbOrder' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderManager.java:273:	Avoid excessively long variable names like tempAvailabilityMap
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderManager.java:273:	Local variable 'tempAvailabilityMap' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderManager.java:274:	Local variable 'itemList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderManager.java:275:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bbbItem' (lines '275'-'296').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderManager.java:275:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'bbbItem' (lines '275'-'347').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderManager.java:276:	Avoid excessively long variable names like storeInventoryContainer
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderManager.java:276:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'storeInventoryContainer' (lines '276'-'347').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderManager.java:276:	Local variable 'storeInventoryContainer' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderManager.java:279:	Avoid excessively long variable names like availabilityStatus
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderManager.java:279:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'availabilityStatus' (lines '279'-'306').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderManager.java:279:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'availabilityStatus' (lines '279'-'347').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderManager.java:293:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'rolledUpQty' (lines '293'-'299').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderManager.java:293:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'rolledUpQty' (lines '293'-'347').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderManager.java:294:	Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderManager.java:306:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'availabilityStatus' (lines '306'-'317').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderManager.java:318:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isMonitorCanceled' (lines '318'-'318').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderManager.java:318:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'isMonitorCanceled' (lines '318'-'347').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderManager.java:338:	Local variable 'totalTime' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderManager.java:359:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'item' (lines '359'-'381').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderManager.java:359:	Parameter 'pOrder' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderManager.java:359:	The method 'updateRegistryMapInOrder' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderManager.java:363:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'startTime' (lines '363'-'422').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderManager.java:363:	Local variable 'startTime' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderManager.java:364:	Local variable 'methodName' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderManager.java:365:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isMonitorCanceled' (lines '365'-'390').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderManager.java:365:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'isMonitorCanceled' (lines '365'-'422').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderManager.java:370:	Local variable 'bbbOrder' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderManager.java:371:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'tempRegistryMap' (lines '371'-'422').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderManager.java:371:	Local variable 'tempRegistryMap' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderManager.java:372:	Local variable 'itemList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderManager.java:373:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bbbItem' (lines '373'-'382').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderManager.java:373:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'bbbItem' (lines '373'-'422').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderManager.java:374:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'registryId' (lines '374'-'383').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderManager.java:374:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'registryId' (lines '374'-'422').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderManager.java:375:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'registrySummaryVO' (lines '375'-'386').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderManager.java:375:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'registrySummaryVO' (lines '375'-'422').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderManager.java:380:	Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderManager.java:386:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'registrySummaryVO' (lines '386'-'422').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderManager.java:390:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'isMonitorCanceled' (lines '390'-'422').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderManager.java:413:	Local variable 'totalTime' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderManager.java:431:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'itemId' (lines '431'-'490').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderManager.java:431:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'tempItem' (lines '431'-'449').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderManager.java:431:	Parameter 'pDestOrder' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderManager.java:431:	The method 'removeDisabledSKUs' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 13.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderManager.java:433:	Local variable 'methodName' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderManager.java:434:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isMonitorCanceled' (lines '434'-'458').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderManager.java:438:	Avoid excessively long variable names like destCommerceItemsList
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderManager.java:438:	Local variable 'destCommerceItemsList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderManager.java:439:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'removalItemList' (lines '439'-'498').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderManager.java:439:	Local variable 'removalItemList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderManager.java:440:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'skuID' (lines '440'-'451').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderManager.java:440:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'skuID' (lines '440'-'498').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderManager.java:447:	Local variable 'tempItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderManager.java:456:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'isSkuAvailable' (lines '456'-'498').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderManager.java:458:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'isMonitorCanceled' (lines '458'-'498').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderManager.java:471:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderManager.java:475:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderManager.java:489:	Local variable 'itemId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderManager.java:508:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'comItem' (lines '508'-'525').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderManager.java:508:	Parameter 'pDestOrder' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderManager.java:508:	The method 'updateSKUPropsFromCatalog' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderManager.java:510:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isMonitorCanceled' (lines '510'-'533').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderManager.java:511:	Local variable 'methodName' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderManager.java:515:	Avoid excessively long variable names like destCommerceItemsList
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderManager.java:515:	Local variable 'destCommerceItemsList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderManager.java:516:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'skuDetailVO' (lines '516'-'529').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderManager.java:516:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'skuDetailVO' (lines '516'-'573').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderManager.java:517:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'skuID' (lines '517'-'527').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderManager.java:517:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'skuID' (lines '517'-'573').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderManager.java:523:	Local variable 'comItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderManager.java:526:	Local variable 'bbbComItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderManager.java:529:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'skuDetailVO' (lines '529'-'573').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderManager.java:533:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'isMonitorCanceled' (lines '533'-'573').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderManager.java:547:	Avoid excessively long variable names like freeShippingMethod
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderManager.java:547:	Local variable 'freeShippingMethod' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderManager.java:585:	Parameter 'mSubmittedDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderManager.java:585:	Parameter 'pEndIndex' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderManager.java:585:	Parameter 'pStartIndex' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderManager.java:585:	Parameter 'pSubstatus' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderManager.java:588:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'orders' (lines '588'-'604').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderManager.java:591:	Local variable 'tools' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderManager.java:592:	Local variable 'orderItems' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderManager.java:594:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'orderID' (lines '594'-'599').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderManager.java:595:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'order' (lines '595'-'600').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderManager.java:595:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'order' (lines '595'-'619').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderManager.java:596:	Local variable 'orderList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderManager.java:604:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'orders' (lines '604'-'619').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderManager.java:606:	Local variable 'msg' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderManager.java:629:	Parameter 'pOrder' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderManager.java:629:	Parameter 'pSubstatus' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderManager.java:632:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'success' (lines '632'-'636').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderManager.java:635:	Local variable 'tools' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderManager.java:652:	Parameter 'pOrder' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderManager.java:652:	Parameter 'pOrderXML' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderManager.java:655:	Local variable 'success' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderManager.java:656:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'orderID' (lines '656'-'671').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderManager.java:656:	Local variable 'orderID' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderManager.java:662:	Local variable 'bbbOrder' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderManager.java:673:	Parameter 'bbbOrder' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderManager.java:674:	Parameter 'pbbbShippingGroup' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderManager.java:674:	Parameter 'skuId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderManager.java:675:	Parameter 'commerceItemType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderManager.java:675:	Parameter 'productId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderManager.java:675:	Parameter 'quantity' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderManager.java:678:	Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderManager.java:681:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderManager.java:699:	Parameter 'pOrderType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderManager.java:699:	Parameter 'pProfileId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderManager.java:706:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'order' (lines '706'-'711').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderManager.java:706:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'order' (lines '706'-'718').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderManager.java:707:	Local variable 'request' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBOrderManager.java:751:	Parameter 'pBotOrderID' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBPaymentGroupManager.java:24:	The class 'BBBPaymentGroupManager' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 5 (Highest = 18).
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBPaymentGroupManager.java:27:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ORDER_AMT_COVERED_FLAG
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBPaymentGroupManager.java:29:	Avoid excessively long variable names like USER_HAS_ADDEDD_MAXIMUM
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBPaymentGroupManager.java:31:	Avoid excessively long variable names like EXITING_METHOD_AMOUNT_COVERED_BY_GIFT_CARD
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBPaymentGroupManager.java:33:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFT_CARDS_MAXIMUM_GIFT_CARD_ADDITION_LIMIT_REACHED
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBPaymentGroupManager.java:35:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFT_CARD_TOTAL_BALANCE_ORDER_TOTAL_AMOUNT
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBPaymentGroupManager.java:38:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CREDIT_CARD_DIGITS
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBPaymentGroupManager.java:40:	Avoid excessively long variable names like transactionManager
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBPaymentGroupManager.java:45:	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBPaymentGroupManager.java:64:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'giftCard' (lines '64'-'72').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBPaymentGroupManager.java:68:	Avoid excessively long variable names like giftCardTotalAmount
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBPaymentGroupManager.java:79:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'remainingAmt' (lines '79'-'80').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBPaymentGroupManager.java:84:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'amount' (lines '84'-'86').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBPaymentGroupManager.java:84:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'amount' (lines '84'-'88').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBPaymentGroupManager.java:102:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'payGroup' (lines '102'-'112').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBPaymentGroupManager.java:131:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'paymentGroup' (lines '131'-'142').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBPaymentGroupManager.java:138:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'creditCard' (lines '138'-'143').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBPaymentGroupManager.java:143:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'creditCard' (lines '143'-'143').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBPaymentGroupManager.java:184:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'paymentGrp' (lines '184'-'203').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBPaymentGroupManager.java:191:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'paymentGroup' (lines '191'-'194').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBPaymentGroupManager.java:236:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'paymentGrp' (lines '236'-'261').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBPaymentGroupManager.java:236:	The method 'processPaymentGroupStatusOnLoad' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBPaymentGroupManager.java:244:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'orderTotalAmount' (lines '244'-'300').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBPaymentGroupManager.java:246:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'gcTotalAmount' (lines '246'-'265').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBPaymentGroupManager.java:246:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'gcTotalAmount' (lines '246'-'271').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBPaymentGroupManager.java:246:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'gcTotalAmount' (lines '246'-'300').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBPaymentGroupManager.java:247:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'gcCount' (lines '247'-'266').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBPaymentGroupManager.java:247:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'gcCount' (lines '247'-'300').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBPaymentGroupManager.java:248:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'giftCardFlag' (lines '248'-'264').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBPaymentGroupManager.java:249:	Avoid excessively long variable names like orderAmtCoveredFlag
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBPaymentGroupManager.java:249:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'orderAmtCoveredFlag' (lines '249'-'275').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBPaymentGroupManager.java:250:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'maxGCFlag' (lines '250'-'285').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBPaymentGroupManager.java:252:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'paymentGroup' (lines '252'-'254').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBPaymentGroupManager.java:252:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'paymentGroup' (lines '252'-'300').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBPaymentGroupManager.java:254:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'paymentGroup' (lines '254'-'300').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBPaymentGroupManager.java:257:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBPaymentGroupManager.java:264:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'giftCardFlag' (lines '264'-'264').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBPaymentGroupManager.java:266:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'gcCount' (lines '266'-'266').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBPaymentGroupManager.java:310:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'paymentGrp' (lines '310'-'330').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBPaymentGroupManager.java:315:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'paymentGroup' (lines '315'-'323').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBPaymentGroupManager.java:315:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'paymentGroup' (lines '315'-'347').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBPaymentGroupManager.java:317:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'giftCardFlag' (lines '317'-'331').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBPaymentGroupManager.java:319:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'maxGCFlag' (lines '319'-'340').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBPaymentGroupManager.java:320:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'gcCount' (lines '320'-'332').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBPaymentGroupManager.java:320:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'gcCount' (lines '320'-'347').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBPaymentGroupManager.java:323:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'paymentGroup' (lines '323'-'347').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBPaymentGroupManager.java:331:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'giftCardFlag' (lines '331'-'331').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBPaymentGroupManager.java:332:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'gcCount' (lines '332'-'332').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBPaymentGroupManager.java:353:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'paymentGrp' (lines '353'-'371').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBPaymentGroupManager.java:357:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'orderTotalAmount' (lines '357'-'390').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBPaymentGroupManager.java:359:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'gcTotalAmount' (lines '359'-'373').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBPaymentGroupManager.java:359:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'gcTotalAmount' (lines '359'-'378').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBPaymentGroupManager.java:359:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'gcTotalAmount' (lines '359'-'390').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBPaymentGroupManager.java:360:	Avoid excessively long variable names like orderAmtCoveredFlag
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBPaymentGroupManager.java:360:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'orderAmtCoveredFlag' (lines '360'-'382').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBPaymentGroupManager.java:362:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'paymentGroup' (lines '362'-'364').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBPaymentGroupManager.java:362:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'paymentGroup' (lines '362'-'390').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBPaymentGroupManager.java:364:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'paymentGroup' (lines '364'-'390').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBPaymentGroupManager.java:397:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'extraGiftCard' (lines '397'-'478').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBPaymentGroupManager.java:397:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'payGroup' (lines '397'-'424').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBPaymentGroupManager.java:397:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'validGiftCard' (lines '397'-'460').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBPaymentGroupManager.java:397:	The method 'removeExtraGiftCard' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 18.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBPaymentGroupManager.java:397:	The method removeExtraGiftCard() has an NPath complexity of 337
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBPaymentGroupManager.java:405:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'validGiftCards' (lines '405'-'411').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBPaymentGroupManager.java:406:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'extraGiftCards' (lines '406'-'412').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBPaymentGroupManager.java:418:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'firstSufAmtGC' (lines '418'-'436').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBPaymentGroupManager.java:419:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isFirstGCSuf' (lines '419'-'432').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBPaymentGroupManager.java:436:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'firstSufAmtGC' (lines '436'-'436').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBPaymentGroupManager.java:436:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'firstSufAmtGC' (lines '436'-'485').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBPaymentGroupManager.java:492:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'paymentGroup' (lines '492'-'504').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBPaymentGroupManager.java:492:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'paymentGroupID' (lines '492'-'515').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBPaymentGroupManager.java:492:	The method 'removePaymentGroups' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBPaymentGroupManager.java:540:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'amount' (lines '540'-'545').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBPaymentGroupManager.java:540:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'amount' (lines '540'-'548').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBPaymentGroupManager.java:560:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'paymentGrp' (lines '560'-'572').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBPaymentGroupManager.java:566:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'giftcardflag' (lines '566'-'575').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBPaymentGroupManager.java:596:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'paymentGrp' (lines '596'-'618').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBPaymentGroupManager.java:596:	The method 'resetAmountCoveredByGiftCard' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBPaymentGroupManager.java:602:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'requiredAmt' (lines '602'-'659').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBPaymentGroupManager.java:602:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'requiredAmt' (lines '602'-'669').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBPaymentGroupManager.java:603:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'donatingAmt' (lines '603'-'645').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBPaymentGroupManager.java:603:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'donatingAmt' (lines '603'-'669').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBPaymentGroupManager.java:607:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'donorGC' (lines '607'-'624').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBPaymentGroupManager.java:608:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'sumToFindExtraGC' (lines '608'-'669').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBPaymentGroupManager.java:611:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'sumToFindReqAmt' (lines '611'-'669').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBPaymentGroupManager.java:614:	Avoid excessively long variable names like gcHavingExtraAmount
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBPaymentGroupManager.java:614:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'gcHavingExtraAmount' (lines '614'-'632').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBPaymentGroupManager.java:697:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pTransactionManager
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBShippingGroupManager.java:1:	A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBShippingGroupManager.java:65:	The class 'BBBShippingGroupManager' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 6 (Highest = 20).
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBShippingGroupManager.java:75:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mStoreShippingGroupType
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBShippingGroupManager.java:76:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mHardGoodShippingGroupType
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBShippingGroupManager.java:90:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pStoreShippingGroupType
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBShippingGroupManager.java:98:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pHardGoodShippingGroupType
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBShippingGroupManager.java:132:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'sg' (lines '132'-'146').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBShippingGroupManager.java:141:	Avoid excessively long variable names like storeShippingGroup
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBShippingGroupManager.java:141:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'storeShippingGroup' (lines '141'-'162').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBShippingGroupManager.java:141:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'storeShippingGroup' (lines '141'-'172').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBShippingGroupManager.java:142:	The String literal "unchecked" appears 12 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 142
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBShippingGroupManager.java:145:	Avoid variables with short names like sg
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBShippingGroupManager.java:151:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBShippingGroupManager.java:182:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'relationship' (lines '182'-'196').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBShippingGroupManager.java:182:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'sg' (lines '182'-'192').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBShippingGroupManager.java:182:	The method 'getRegistryShippingGroup' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBShippingGroupManager.java:185:	Avoid excessively long variable names like registryHGShippingGroup
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBShippingGroupManager.java:185:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'registryHGShippingGroup' (lines '185'-'193').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBShippingGroupManager.java:185:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'registryHGShippingGroup' (lines '185'-'211').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBShippingGroupManager.java:185:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'registryHGShippingGroup' (lines '185'-'217').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBShippingGroupManager.java:187:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBShippingGroupManager.java:191:	Avoid variables with short names like sg
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBShippingGroupManager.java:193:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'registryHGShippingGroup' (lines '193'-'193').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBShippingGroupManager.java:193:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'registryHGShippingGroup' (lines '193'-'211').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBShippingGroupManager.java:193:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'registryHGShippingGroup' (lines '193'-'217').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBShippingGroupManager.java:194:	Avoid excessively long variable names like commerceItemRelationships
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBShippingGroupManager.java:228:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'sg' (lines '228'-'236').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBShippingGroupManager.java:235:	Avoid variables with short names like sg
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBShippingGroupManager.java:285:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'sg' (lines '285'-'294').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBShippingGroupManager.java:289:	Avoid excessively long variable names like storeShippingGroup
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBShippingGroupManager.java:289:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'storeShippingGroup' (lines '289'-'310').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBShippingGroupManager.java:289:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'storeShippingGroup' (lines '289'-'315').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBShippingGroupManager.java:293:	Avoid variables with short names like sg
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBShippingGroupManager.java:299:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBShippingGroupManager.java:327:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'hrdShpGrp' (lines '327'-'334').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBShippingGroupManager.java:327:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'hrdShpGrp' (lines '327'-'343').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBShippingGroupManager.java:373:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'hgSG' (lines '373'-'376').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBShippingGroupManager.java:374:	Avoid variables with short names like sg
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBShippingGroupManager.java:394:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'shippingGroup' (lines '394'-'403').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBShippingGroupManager.java:410:	Avoid excessively long variable names like bbbSshippingAddress
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBShippingGroupManager.java:434:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBShippingGroupManager.java:464:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'commerceItem' (lines '464'-'489').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBShippingGroupManager.java:464:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'shipMethodVO' (lines '464'-'506').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBShippingGroupManager.java:464:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'shipMethodVOItem' (lines '464'-'531').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBShippingGroupManager.java:464:	The method 'getShippingMethodsForOrder' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 20.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBShippingGroupManager.java:464:	The method getShippingMethodsForOrder() has an NPath complexity of 908
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBShippingGroupManager.java:472:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'removableResults' (lines '472'-'553').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBShippingGroupManager.java:474:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'catalogRefId' (lines '474'-'489').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBShippingGroupManager.java:475:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'siteId' (lines '475'-'487').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBShippingGroupManager.java:476:	Avoid excessively long variable names like bbbCommerceItemFlag
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBShippingGroupManager.java:476:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bbbCommerceItemFlag' (lines '476'-'494').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBShippingGroupManager.java:477:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'giftCardItemFlag' (lines '477'-'492').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBShippingGroupManager.java:492:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'giftCardItemFlag' (lines '492'-'492').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBShippingGroupManager.java:498:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shippingMethodsForSku
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBShippingGroupManager.java:498:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'shippingMethodsForSku' (lines '498'-'553').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBShippingGroupManager.java:511:	Avoid variables with short names like pp
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBShippingGroupManager.java:516:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBShippingGroupManager.java:518:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'counter' (lines '518'-'553').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBShippingGroupManager.java:563:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'hgsg' (lines '563'-'571').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBShippingGroupManager.java:599:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shippingMethodsForSku
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBShippingGroupManager.java:628:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'shipMethodVO' (lines '628'-'635').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBShippingGroupManager.java:658:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pCommerceItemShippingInfoContainer
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBShippingGroupManager.java:666:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'pSplitQuantity' (lines '666'-'676').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBShippingGroupManager.java:667:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'existingQty' (lines '667'-'669').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBShippingGroupManager.java:667:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'existingQty' (lines '667'-'676').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBShippingGroupManager.java:686:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pFromShippingGroup
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBShippingGroupManager.java:689:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'newHg' (lines '689'-'719').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBShippingGroupManager.java:694:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'newAddress' (lines '694'-'719').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBShippingGroupManager.java:697:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'newAddress' (lines '697'-'719').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBShippingGroupManager.java:700:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'newAddress' (lines '700'-'719').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBShippingGroupManager.java:703:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'newAddress' (lines '703'-'719').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBShippingGroupManager.java:722:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'bbbHardGoodShippingGroup' (lines '722'-'742').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBShippingGroupManager.java:722:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'obj' (lines '722'-'731').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBShippingGroupManager.java:722:	The method 'getMatchingSGForIdAndMethod' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBShippingGroupManager.java:726:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bbbHGSG' (lines '726'-'764').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBShippingGroupManager.java:726:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'bbbHGSG' (lines '726'-'777').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBShippingGroupManager.java:739:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0) with calls to isEmpty()
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBShippingGroupManager.java:741:	Avoid excessively long variable names like bbbHardGoodShippingGroup
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBShippingGroupManager.java:786:	StringBuffer constructor is initialized with size 24, but has at least 31 characters appended.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBShippingGroupManager.java:787:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBShippingGroupManager.java:789:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBShippingGroupManager.java:791:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBShippingGroupManager.java:828:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'sgs' (lines '828'-'844').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBShippingGroupManager.java:830:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shippingGrouperator
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBShippingGroupManager.java:831:	Avoid variables with short names like sg
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBShippingGroupManager.java:831:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'sg' (lines '831'-'837').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBShippingGroupManager.java:831:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'sg' (lines '831'-'844').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBShippingGroupManager.java:851:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'element' (lines '851'-'861').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBShippingGroupManager.java:851:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'shippingGroupId' (lines '851'-'870').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBShippingGroupManager.java:851:	The method 'removeEmptyShippingGroups' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 14.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBShippingGroupManager.java:851:	The method removeEmptyShippingGroups() has an NPath complexity of 280
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBShippingGroupManager.java:861:	Avoid variables with short names like sg
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBShippingGroupManager.java:863:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBShippingGroupManager.java:907:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'shipMethodVo' (lines '907'-'925').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBShippingGroupManager.java:907:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'skuId' (lines '907'-'916').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBShippingGroupManager.java:907:	The method 'checkShippingMethodForSkus' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 13.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBShippingGroupManager.java:907:	The method checkShippingMethodForSkus() has an NPath complexity of 275
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBShippingGroupManager.java:912:	Avoid excessively long variable names like isValidShippingMethod
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBShippingGroupManager.java:912:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isValidShippingMethod' (lines '912'-'915').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBShippingGroupManager.java:913:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'siteId' (lines '913'-'935').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBShippingGroupManager.java:915:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isValidShippingMethod' (lines '915'-'926').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBShippingGroupManager.java:915:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'isValidShippingMethod' (lines '915'-'935').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBShippingGroupManager.java:923:	Avoid excessively long variable names like skuShippingMethodsVo
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/BBBShippingGroupManager.java:942:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'shippingGroup' (lines '942'-'953').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderInfoDroplet.java:1:	A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderInfoDroplet.java:44:	The class 'BBBOrderInfoDroplet' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 23).
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderInfoDroplet.java:78:	Avoid excessively long variable names like RKG_URL_PARAM_ICENT
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderInfoDroplet.java:79:	Avoid excessively long variable names like RKG_URL_PARAM_IQTY
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderInfoDroplet.java:80:	Avoid excessively long variable names like RKG_URL_PARAM_INAME
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderInfoDroplet.java:84:	Avoid excessively long variable names like RKG_URL_PARAM_ZMAM
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderInfoDroplet.java:85:	Avoid excessively long variable names like RKG_URL_PARAM_ZMAS
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderInfoDroplet.java:86:	Avoid excessively long variable names like RKG_URL_PARAM_QUANTITY
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderInfoDroplet.java:87:	Avoid excessively long variable names like RKG_URL_PARAM_PCODE
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderInfoDroplet.java:88:	Avoid excessively long variable names like RKG_URL_PARAM_ZMAN
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderInfoDroplet.java:89:	Avoid excessively long variable names like RKG_URL_PARAM_ZMAT
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderInfoDroplet.java:97:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PURCHASE_CONFIRMATION
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderInfoDroplet.java:124:	Parameter 'pPricingTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderInfoDroplet.java:138:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderInfoDroplet.java:138:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'commerceItem' (lines '138'-'187').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderInfoDroplet.java:138:	The method 'service' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 23.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderInfoDroplet.java:138:	The method service() has an NCSS line count of 162
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderInfoDroplet.java:138:	The method service() has an NPath complexity of 9651
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderInfoDroplet.java:163:	Avoid variables with short names like df
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderInfoDroplet.java:163:	Local variable 'df' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderInfoDroplet.java:170:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'rkgMerchantId' (lines '170'-'403').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderInfoDroplet.java:171:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'rkgZMAMId' (lines '171'-'403').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderInfoDroplet.java:176:	Avoid excessively long variable names like merchandizibleCommerceItemCount
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderInfoDroplet.java:176:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'merchandizibleCommerceItemCount' (lines '176'-'262').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderInfoDroplet.java:183:	Local variable 'commerceItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderInfoDroplet.java:202:	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderInfoDroplet.java:212:	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderInfoDroplet.java:238:	Local variable 'registryId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderInfoDroplet.java:241:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderInfoDroplet.java:243:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderInfoDroplet.java:244:	Local variable 'registryMap' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderInfoDroplet.java:246:	Local variable 'regSummVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderInfoDroplet.java:249:	Local variable 'registryType' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderInfoDroplet.java:251:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderInfoDroplet.java:254:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderInfoDroplet.java:262:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'merchandizibleCommerceItemCount' (lines '262'-'262').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderInfoDroplet.java:267:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'count' (lines '267'-'403').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderInfoDroplet.java:277:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'prodIds' (lines '277'-'403').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderInfoDroplet.java:279:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'skuIds' (lines '279'-'403').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderInfoDroplet.java:281:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'skuQty' (lines '281'-'403').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderInfoDroplet.java:283:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'skuPrice' (lines '283'-'403').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderInfoDroplet.java:286:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'skuName' (lines '286'-'403').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderInfoDroplet.java:288:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'regIds' (lines '288'-'403').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderInfoDroplet.java:296:	Avoid excessively long variable names like rkgComparisonItemUrl
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderInfoDroplet.java:298:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'orderInfoVO' (lines '298'-'335').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderInfoDroplet.java:298:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'orderInfoVO' (lines '298'-'403').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderInfoDroplet.java:301:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'reg' (lines '301'-'304').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderInfoDroplet.java:302:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'registryIdRKG' (lines '302'-'306').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderInfoDroplet.java:335:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderInfoDroplet.java:342:	Local variable 'productVo' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderInfoDroplet.java:518:	Avoid long parameter lists.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderInfoDroplet.java:614:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'rkgMerchantId' (lines '614'-'628').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderInfoDroplet.java:615:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'rkgMerchantIds' (lines '615'-'617').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderInfoDroplet.java:636:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'rkgZMAMId' (lines '636'-'651').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderInfoDroplet.java:637:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'rkgZMAMIds' (lines '637'-'640').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderInfoDroplet.java:638:	Local variable 'siteIdZMAM' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderInfoDroplet.java:679:	Parameter 'itemPrice' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderInfoDroplet.java:681:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'priceInCents' (lines '681'-'688').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderInfoDroplet.java:681:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'priceInCents' (lines '681'-'690').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderInfoDroplet.java:682:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'itemPriceRKG' (lines '682'-'683').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderInfoDroplet.java:701:	Parameter 'pLocale' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderInfoDroplet.java:704:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'rkgFormatedDate' (lines '704'-'706').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderInfoDroplet.java:704:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'rkgFormatedDate' (lines '704'-'708').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderInfoDroplet.java:705:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderInfoDroplet.java:720:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'encodedString' (lines '720'-'722').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderInfoDroplet.java:722:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'encodedString' (lines '722'-'724').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderInfoDroplet.java:737:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'adjustment' (lines '737'-'745').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderInfoDroplet.java:737:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'item' (lines '737'-'765').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderInfoDroplet.java:737:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'sg' (lines '737'-'795').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderInfoDroplet.java:737:	The method 'createPromoStr' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 20.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderInfoDroplet.java:737:	The method createPromoStr() has an NPath complexity of 384
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderInfoDroplet.java:743:	Local variable 'adjustment' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderInfoDroplet.java:759:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'index' (lines '759'-'766').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderInfoDroplet.java:763:	Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderInfoDroplet.java:769:	Local variable 'adjustment' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderInfoDroplet.java:786:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'index' (lines '786'-'766').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderInfoDroplet.java:786:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'index' (lines '786'-'796').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderInfoDroplet.java:786:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'index' (lines '786'-'823').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderInfoDroplet.java:793:	Avoid variables with short names like sg
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderInfoDroplet.java:793:	Local variable 'sg' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderInfoDroplet.java:796:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'index' (lines '796'-'796').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderInfoDroplet.java:796:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'index' (lines '796'-'823').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderInfoDroplet.java:799:	Local variable 'adjustment' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderInfoDroplet.java:816:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'index' (lines '816'-'796').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderInfoDroplet.java:816:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'index' (lines '816'-'823').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderOmnitureDroplet.java:1:	A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderOmnitureDroplet.java:12:	Avoid unused imports such as 'atg.commerce.order.AuxiliaryData'
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderOmnitureDroplet.java:12:	Avoid unused imports such as 'atg.commerce.order.AuxiliaryData'
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderOmnitureDroplet.java:18:	Avoid unused imports such as 'atg.commerce.order.PaymentGroupImpl'
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderOmnitureDroplet.java:18:	Avoid unused imports such as 'atg.commerce.order.PaymentGroupImpl'
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderOmnitureDroplet.java:40:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.ecommerce.order.BBBHardGoodShippingGroup'
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderOmnitureDroplet.java:40:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.ecommerce.order.BBBHardGoodShippingGroup'
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderOmnitureDroplet.java:52:	The class 'BBBOrderOmnitureDroplet' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 5 (Highest = 18).
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderOmnitureDroplet.java:79:	Parameter 'pPricingTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderOmnitureDroplet.java:90:	The String literal "unchecked" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 90
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderOmnitureDroplet.java:91:	The method 'service' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 12.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderOmnitureDroplet.java:99:	Local variable 'order' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderOmnitureDroplet.java:101:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'profile' (lines '101'-'177').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderOmnitureDroplet.java:101:	Local variable 'profile' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderOmnitureDroplet.java:104:	Local variable 'omnitureVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderOmnitureDroplet.java:109:	Local variable 'products' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderOmnitureDroplet.java:110:	Local variable 'events' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderOmnitureDroplet.java:187:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'paymentGroup' (lines '187'-'194').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderOmnitureDroplet.java:187:	The method 'updateOmnitureVO' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderOmnitureDroplet.java:190:	Local variable 'evar12' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderOmnitureDroplet.java:191:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'indx' (lines '191'-'204').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderOmnitureDroplet.java:191:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'indx' (lines '191'-'238').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderOmnitureDroplet.java:192:	Local variable 'paymentGroup' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderOmnitureDroplet.java:204:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'indx' (lines '204'-'204').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderOmnitureDroplet.java:204:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'indx' (lines '204'-'238').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderOmnitureDroplet.java:222:	Local variable 'promoStr' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderOmnitureDroplet.java:226:	Local variable 'siteVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderOmnitureDroplet.java:247:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'repositoryItem' (lines '247'-'271').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderOmnitureDroplet.java:247:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'repositoryItem' (lines '247'-'289').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderOmnitureDroplet.java:256:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'firstItem' (lines '256'-'278').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderOmnitureDroplet.java:256:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'firstItem' (lines '256'-'301').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderOmnitureDroplet.java:257:	Local variable 'orderPriceInfo' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderOmnitureDroplet.java:258:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'unitPriceBeans'.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderOmnitureDroplet.java:258:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'unitPriceBeans' (lines '258'-'301').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderOmnitureDroplet.java:258:	Local variable 'unitPriceBeans' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderOmnitureDroplet.java:270:	Local variable 'repositoryItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderOmnitureDroplet.java:278:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'firstItem' (lines '278'-'278').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderOmnitureDroplet.java:278:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'firstItem' (lines '278'-'301').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderOmnitureDroplet.java:283:	Local variable 'repositoryItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderOmnitureDroplet.java:296:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'firstItem' (lines '296'-'301').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderOmnitureDroplet.java:309:	Parameter 'pPromotionTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderOmnitureDroplet.java:322:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderOmnitureDroplet.java:322:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderOmnitureDroplet.java:332:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'totalShippingAmt' (lines '332'-'335').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderOmnitureDroplet.java:333:	Local variable 'orderPriceInfo' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderOmnitureDroplet.java:334:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shippingSavingsAmount
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderOmnitureDroplet.java:334:	Local variable 'shippingSavingsAmount' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderOmnitureDroplet.java:343:	Avoid excessively long variable names like totalShippingAmtAfterDiscount
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderOmnitureDroplet.java:343:	Local variable 'totalShippingAmtAfterDiscount' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderOmnitureDroplet.java:350:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderOmnitureDroplet.java:350:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderOmnitureDroplet.java:358:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderOmnitureDroplet.java:358:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'cisiRel' (lines '358'-'375').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderOmnitureDroplet.java:358:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'itemPriceAdj' (lines '358'-'402').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderOmnitureDroplet.java:358:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'sg' (lines '358'-'372').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderOmnitureDroplet.java:358:	The method 'appendProdAndEvents' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 18.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderOmnitureDroplet.java:358:	The method appendProdAndEvents() has an NPath complexity of 1028
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderOmnitureDroplet.java:361:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'productId' (lines '361'-'379').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderOmnitureDroplet.java:362:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'skuId' (lines '362'-'380').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderOmnitureDroplet.java:363:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'quantity' (lines '363'-'381').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderOmnitureDroplet.java:364:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'price' (lines '364'-'385').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderOmnitureDroplet.java:366:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'promoApplied' (lines '366'-'403').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderOmnitureDroplet.java:369:	Avoid variables with short names like sg
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderOmnitureDroplet.java:369:	Local variable 'sg' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderOmnitureDroplet.java:372:	Local variable 'cisiRel' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderOmnitureDroplet.java:375:	Local variable 'commerceItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderOmnitureDroplet.java:382:	Local variable 'salePrice' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderOmnitureDroplet.java:383:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'listPrice' (lines '383'-'383').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderOmnitureDroplet.java:383:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'listPrice' (lines '383'-'500').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderOmnitureDroplet.java:383:	Local variable 'listPrice' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderOmnitureDroplet.java:389:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shippingGroupItemsTotal
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderOmnitureDroplet.java:394:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'index' (lines '394'-'401').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderOmnitureDroplet.java:394:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'index' (lines '394'-'500').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderOmnitureDroplet.java:395:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'itemAdjustment' (lines '395'-'405').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderOmnitureDroplet.java:395:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'itemAdjustment' (lines '395'-'500').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderOmnitureDroplet.java:396:	Avoid excessively long variable names like totalItemAdjustment
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderOmnitureDroplet.java:396:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'totalItemAdjustment' (lines '396'-'500').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderOmnitureDroplet.java:397:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderOmnitureDroplet.java:397:	Local variable 'evar35' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderOmnitureDroplet.java:399:	Local variable 'itemPriceAdj' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderOmnitureDroplet.java:401:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'index' (lines '401'-'401').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderOmnitureDroplet.java:401:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'index' (lines '401'-'500').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderOmnitureDroplet.java:403:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'promoApplied' (lines '403'-'403').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderOmnitureDroplet.java:405:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'itemAdjustment' (lines '405'-'406').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderOmnitureDroplet.java:443:	Local variable 'hgsg' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderOmnitureDroplet.java:453:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shippingMethodDescription
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderOmnitureDroplet.java:453:	Local variable 'shippingMethodDescription' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderOmnitureDroplet.java:478:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderOmnitureDroplet.java:478:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderOmnitureDroplet.java:482:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'firstItem' (lines '482'-'500').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderOmnitureDroplet.java:502:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'cisiRel' (lines '502'-'517').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderOmnitureDroplet.java:502:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'itemPriceAdj' (lines '502'-'526').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderOmnitureDroplet.java:502:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'sg' (lines '502'-'514').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderOmnitureDroplet.java:502:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'unitPriceBean' (lines '502'-'539').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderOmnitureDroplet.java:502:	The method 'appendProdAndEvent15' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderOmnitureDroplet.java:505:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'quantity' (lines '505'-'534').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderOmnitureDroplet.java:506:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'price' (lines '506'-'545').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderOmnitureDroplet.java:507:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shippingGroupItemsTotal
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderOmnitureDroplet.java:508:	Avoid excessively long variable names like orderUnitPriceTotal
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderOmnitureDroplet.java:509:	Avoid excessively long variable names like totalItemAdjustment
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderOmnitureDroplet.java:510:	Local variable 'orderPriceInfo' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderOmnitureDroplet.java:511:	Avoid variables with short names like sg
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderOmnitureDroplet.java:511:	Local variable 'sg' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderOmnitureDroplet.java:514:	Local variable 'cisiRel' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderOmnitureDroplet.java:517:	Local variable 'commerceItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderOmnitureDroplet.java:521:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'index'.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderOmnitureDroplet.java:521:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'index' (lines '521'-'525').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderOmnitureDroplet.java:521:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'index' (lines '521'-'574').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderOmnitureDroplet.java:522:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'itemAdjustment' (lines '522'-'522').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderOmnitureDroplet.java:522:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'itemAdjustment' (lines '522'-'528').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderOmnitureDroplet.java:522:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'itemAdjustment' (lines '522'-'574').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderOmnitureDroplet.java:523:	Local variable 'itemPriceAdj' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderOmnitureDroplet.java:525:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'index' (lines '525'-'521').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderOmnitureDroplet.java:525:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'index' (lines '525'-'525').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderOmnitureDroplet.java:525:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'index' (lines '525'-'574').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderOmnitureDroplet.java:528:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'itemAdjustment' (lines '528'-'529').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderOmnitureDroplet.java:533:	Local variable 'relationshipRange' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderOmnitureDroplet.java:535:	Local variable 'priceBeans' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderOmnitureDroplet.java:538:	Local variable 'unitPriceBean' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderOmnitureDroplet.java:542:	Local variable 'salePrice' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderOmnitureDroplet.java:543:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'listPrice' (lines '543'-'543').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderOmnitureDroplet.java:543:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'listPrice' (lines '543'-'574').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderOmnitureDroplet.java:543:	Local variable 'listPrice' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderOmnitureDroplet.java:553:	Avoid excessively long variable names like orderLevelDiscount
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderOmnitureDroplet.java:553:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'orderLevelDiscount' (lines '553'-'574').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderOmnitureDroplet.java:553:	Local variable 'orderLevelDiscount' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderOmnitureDroplet.java:556:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderOmnitureDroplet.java:556:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderRKGInfo.java:1:	A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderRKGInfo.java:4:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.io.UnsupportedEncodingException'
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderRKGInfo.java:4:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.io.UnsupportedEncodingException'
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderRKGInfo.java:5:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.text.DecimalFormat'
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderRKGInfo.java:5:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.text.DecimalFormat'
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderRKGInfo.java:6:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.text.SimpleDateFormat'
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderRKGInfo.java:6:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.text.SimpleDateFormat'
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderRKGInfo.java:9:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.Date'
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderRKGInfo.java:9:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.Date'
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderRKGInfo.java:12:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.Locale'
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderRKGInfo.java:12:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.Locale'
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderRKGInfo.java:19:	Avoid unused imports such as 'atg.commerce.order.HardgoodShippingGroup'
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderRKGInfo.java:19:	Avoid unused imports such as 'atg.commerce.order.HardgoodShippingGroup'
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderRKGInfo.java:20:	Avoid unused imports such as 'atg.commerce.order.OrderImpl'
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderRKGInfo.java:20:	Avoid unused imports such as 'atg.commerce.order.OrderImpl'
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderRKGInfo.java:23:	Avoid unused imports such as 'atg.commerce.pricing.PricingAdjustment'
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderRKGInfo.java:23:	Avoid unused imports such as 'atg.commerce.pricing.PricingAdjustment'
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderRKGInfo.java:24:	Avoid unused imports such as 'atg.commerce.pricing.UnitPriceBean'
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderRKGInfo.java:24:	Avoid unused imports such as 'atg.commerce.pricing.UnitPriceBean'
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderRKGInfo.java:26:	Avoid unused imports such as 'atg.core.util.StringUtils'
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderRKGInfo.java:26:	Avoid unused imports such as 'atg.core.util.StringUtils'
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderRKGInfo.java:40:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.commerce.giftregistry.vo.RegistrySummaryVO'
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderRKGInfo.java:40:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.commerce.giftregistry.vo.RegistrySummaryVO'
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderRKGInfo.java:42:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.commerce.pricing.bean.OrderInfoVO'
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderRKGInfo.java:42:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.commerce.pricing.bean.OrderInfoVO'
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderRKGInfo.java:43:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.commerce.pricing.bean.PriceInfoVO'
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderRKGInfo.java:43:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.commerce.pricing.bean.PriceInfoVO'
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderRKGInfo.java:51:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.order.bean.NonMerchandiseCommerceItem'
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderRKGInfo.java:51:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.order.bean.NonMerchandiseCommerceItem'
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderRKGInfo.java:57:	The class 'BBBOrderRKGInfo' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 6 (Highest = 27).
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderRKGInfo.java:88:	Parameter 'pPricingTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderRKGInfo.java:101:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderRKGInfo.java:101:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'cisiRel' (lines '101'-'138').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderRKGInfo.java:101:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'sg' (lines '101'-'134').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderRKGInfo.java:101:	The method 'service' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 27.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderRKGInfo.java:101:	The method service() has an NCSS line count of 103
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderRKGInfo.java:101:	The method service() has an NPath complexity of 9363
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderRKGInfo.java:107:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'prodVO'.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderRKGInfo.java:107:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'prodVO' (lines '107'-'264').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderRKGInfo.java:107:	Local variable 'prodVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderRKGInfo.java:108:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'categoryVO'.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderRKGInfo.java:108:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'categoryVO' (lines '108'-'264').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderRKGInfo.java:108:	Local variable 'categoryVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderRKGInfo.java:117:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'skuQuantity' (lines '117'-'149').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderRKGInfo.java:118:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'prodCategoryId' (lines '118'-'179').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderRKGInfo.java:119:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'prodCategoryName' (lines '119'-'189').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderRKGInfo.java:120:	Local variable 'profile' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderRKGInfo.java:123:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'grandTotal'.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderRKGInfo.java:123:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'grandTotal' (lines '123'-'264').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderRKGInfo.java:123:	Local variable 'grandTotal' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderRKGInfo.java:128:	Local variable 'promoStr' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderRKGInfo.java:129:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'parentCategorySet' (lines '129'-'160').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderRKGInfo.java:131:	Avoid variables with short names like sg
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderRKGInfo.java:131:	Local variable 'sg' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderRKGInfo.java:134:	Local variable 'cisiRel' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderRKGInfo.java:137:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderRKGInfo.java:137:	Local variable 'catList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderRKGInfo.java:138:	Local variable 'commerceItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderRKGInfo.java:146:	Local variable 'productId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderRKGInfo.java:152:	Avoid excessively long variable names like productRepositoryItem
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderRKGInfo.java:152:	Local variable 'productRepositoryItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderRKGInfo.java:157:	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderRKGInfo.java:165:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderRKGInfo.java:167:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderRKGInfo.java:169:	Local variable 'parents' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderRKGInfo.java:173:	Local variable 'key' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderRKGInfo.java:175:	Local variable 'i' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderRKGInfo.java:177:	Local variable 'keyValue' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderRKGInfo.java:183:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'cat1' (lines '183'-'174').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderRKGInfo.java:183:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'cat1' (lines '183'-'264').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderRKGInfo.java:186:	Local variable 'i' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderRKGInfo.java:188:	Local variable 'keyValue' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderRKGInfo.java:195:	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderRKGInfo.java:200:	The String literal "null" appears 7 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 200
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderRKGInfo.java:204:	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderRKGInfo.java:223:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderRKGInfo.java:226:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderRKGInfo.java:248:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'count' (lines '248'-'264').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderRKGInfo.java:267:	Avoid unused private methods such as 'getCurrentSiteId(DynamoHttpServletRequest)'.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderRKGInfo.java:277:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'repositoryItem' (lines '277'-'288').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderRKGInfo.java:277:	The method 'createPromoStr' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderRKGInfo.java:287:	Local variable 'repositoryItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderRKGInfo.java:295:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'firstItem' (lines '295'-'295').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderRKGInfo.java:295:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'firstItem' (lines '295'-'306').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderRKGInfo.java:295:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'firstItem' (lines '295'-'329').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderRKGInfo.java:298:	Local variable 'repositoryItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderRKGInfo.java:306:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'firstItem' (lines '306'-'306').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderRKGInfo.java:306:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'firstItem' (lines '306'-'329').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderRKGInfo.java:311:	Local variable 'repositoryItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/BBBOrderRKGInfo.java:324:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'firstItem' (lines '324'-'329').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/CJOrderInfoDroplet.java:1:	A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/CJOrderInfoDroplet.java:6:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.text.SimpleDateFormat'
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/CJOrderInfoDroplet.java:6:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.text.SimpleDateFormat'
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/CJOrderInfoDroplet.java:10:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.Locale'
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/CJOrderInfoDroplet.java:10:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.Locale'
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/CJOrderInfoDroplet.java:11:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.Map'
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/CJOrderInfoDroplet.java:11:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.Map'
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/CJOrderInfoDroplet.java:16:	Avoid unused imports such as 'atg.commerce.order.HardgoodShippingGroup'
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/CJOrderInfoDroplet.java:16:	Avoid unused imports such as 'atg.commerce.order.HardgoodShippingGroup'
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/CJOrderInfoDroplet.java:18:	Avoid unused imports such as 'atg.commerce.order.ShippingGroup'
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/CJOrderInfoDroplet.java:18:	Avoid unused imports such as 'atg.commerce.order.ShippingGroup'
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/CJOrderInfoDroplet.java:19:	Avoid unused imports such as 'atg.commerce.pricing.PricingAdjustment'
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/CJOrderInfoDroplet.java:19:	Avoid unused imports such as 'atg.commerce.pricing.PricingAdjustment'
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/CJOrderInfoDroplet.java:20:	Avoid unused imports such as 'atg.core.util.StringUtils'
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/CJOrderInfoDroplet.java:20:	Avoid unused imports such as 'atg.core.util.StringUtils'
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/CJOrderInfoDroplet.java:27:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.commerce.catalog.vo.ProductVO'
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/CJOrderInfoDroplet.java:27:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.commerce.catalog.vo.ProductVO'
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/CJOrderInfoDroplet.java:28:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.commerce.giftregistry.vo.RegistrySummaryVO'
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/CJOrderInfoDroplet.java:28:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.commerce.giftregistry.vo.RegistrySummaryVO'
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/CJOrderInfoDroplet.java:34:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.exception.BBBBusinessException'
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/CJOrderInfoDroplet.java:34:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.exception.BBBBusinessException'
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/CJOrderInfoDroplet.java:35:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.exception.BBBSystemException'
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/CJOrderInfoDroplet.java:35:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.exception.BBBSystemException'
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/CJOrderInfoDroplet.java:44:	The class 'CJOrderInfoDroplet' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 18).
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/CJOrderInfoDroplet.java:82:	Parameter 'pPricingTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/CJOrderInfoDroplet.java:95:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/CJOrderInfoDroplet.java:95:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'commerceItem' (lines '95'-'136').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/CJOrderInfoDroplet.java:95:	The method 'service' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 18.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/CJOrderInfoDroplet.java:95:	The method service() has an NCSS line count of 106
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/CJOrderInfoDroplet.java:95:	The method service() has an NPath complexity of 1513
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/CJOrderInfoDroplet.java:119:	Avoid variables with short names like df
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/CJOrderInfoDroplet.java:119:	Local variable 'df' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/CJOrderInfoDroplet.java:123:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'siteId'.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/CJOrderInfoDroplet.java:123:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'siteId' (lines '123'-'271').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/CJOrderInfoDroplet.java:128:	Avoid excessively long variable names like merchandizibleCommerceItemCount
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/CJOrderInfoDroplet.java:128:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'merchandizibleCommerceItemCount' (lines '128'-'198').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/CJOrderInfoDroplet.java:134:	Local variable 'commerceItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/CJOrderInfoDroplet.java:137:	Local variable 'storeId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/CJOrderInfoDroplet.java:138:	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/CJOrderInfoDroplet.java:139:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'listSize' (lines '139'-'139').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/CJOrderInfoDroplet.java:143:	Local variable 'commerceItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/CJOrderInfoDroplet.java:147:	Local variable 'storeId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/CJOrderInfoDroplet.java:176:	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/CJOrderInfoDroplet.java:192:	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/CJOrderInfoDroplet.java:198:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'merchandizibleCommerceItemCount' (lines '198'-'198').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/CJOrderInfoDroplet.java:201:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'count' (lines '201'-'271').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/CJOrderInfoDroplet.java:214:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'prodIds' (lines '214'-'271').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/CJOrderInfoDroplet.java:216:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'storeNums' (lines '216'-'271').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/CJOrderInfoDroplet.java:218:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'skuIds' (lines '218'-'271').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/CJOrderInfoDroplet.java:220:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'skuQty' (lines '220'-'271').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/CJOrderInfoDroplet.java:222:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'skuPrice' (lines '222'-'271').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/CJOrderInfoDroplet.java:225:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'skuName' (lines '225'-'271').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/CJOrderInfoDroplet.java:227:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'regIds' (lines '227'-'271').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/CJOrderInfoDroplet.java:231:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'orderList'.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/CJOrderInfoDroplet.java:231:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'orderList' (lines '231'-'271').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/CJOrderInfoDroplet.java:232:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'orderInfoVO'.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/CJOrderInfoDroplet.java:232:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'orderInfoVO' (lines '232'-'271').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/CJOrderInfoDroplet.java:232:	Local variable 'orderInfoVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/CJOrderInfoDroplet.java:235:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'reg'.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/CJOrderInfoDroplet.java:235:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'reg' (lines '235'-'235').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/CJOrderInfoDroplet.java:235:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'reg' (lines '235'-'237').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/CJOrderInfoDroplet.java:235:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'reg' (lines '235'-'271').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/CJOrderInfoDroplet.java:237:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'reg' (lines '237'-'235').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/CJOrderInfoDroplet.java:237:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'reg' (lines '237'-'271').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/CJOrderInfoDroplet.java:247:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/CJOrderInfoDroplet.java:251:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0) with calls to isEmpty()
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/CJOrderInfoDroplet.java:321:	Avoid unused private methods such as 'getEncodedString(String)'.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/CJOrderInfoDroplet.java:322:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'encodedString' (lines '322'-'324').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/CJOrderInfoDroplet.java:324:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'encodedString' (lines '324'-'326').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/CommerceItemCheckDroplet.java:53:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/DisplayExpressCheckoutDroplet.java:23:	Avoid excessively long variable names like DISABLE_EXPRESS_CHECKOUT
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/DisplayExpressCheckoutDroplet.java:26:	Parameter 'req' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/DisplayExpressCheckoutDroplet.java:27:	Parameter 'res' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/DisplayExpressCheckoutDroplet.java:28:	Local variable 'profile' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/DisplayExpressCheckoutDroplet.java:29:	Local variable 'order' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/DisplayExpressCheckoutDroplet.java:30:	Local variable 'siteId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/DisplayExpressCheckoutDroplet.java:60:	Parameter 'manager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/EcoFeeApplicabilityCheckDroplet.java:34:	The class 'EcoFeeApplicabilityCheckDroplet' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 5 (Highest = 11).
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/EcoFeeApplicabilityCheckDroplet.java:52:	The method 'service' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/EcoFeeApplicabilityCheckDroplet.java:58:	Avoid excessively long variable names like isEcoFeeApplicable
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/EcoFeeApplicabilityCheckDroplet.java:58:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isEcoFeeApplicable' (lines '58'-'71').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/EcoFeeApplicabilityCheckDroplet.java:103:	Parameter 'catalogTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/GiftWrapCheckDroplet.java:43:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.order.bean.GiftWrapCommerceItem'
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/GiftWrapCheckDroplet.java:43:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.order.bean.GiftWrapCommerceItem'
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/GiftWrapCheckDroplet.java:51:	The class 'GiftWrapCheckDroplet' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 8 (Highest = 21).
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/GiftWrapCheckDroplet.java:61:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mShippingGroupManager
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/GiftWrapCheckDroplet.java:74:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/GiftWrapCheckDroplet.java:74:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'commerceItemRelationship' (lines '74'-'129').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/GiftWrapCheckDroplet.java:74:	The method 'service' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 21.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/GiftWrapCheckDroplet.java:74:	The method service() has an NPath complexity of 316
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/GiftWrapCheckDroplet.java:102:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'shippingGroup' (lines '102'-'104').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/GiftWrapCheckDroplet.java:117:	Avoid excessively long variable names like commerceItemRelationshipList
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/GiftWrapCheckDroplet.java:117:	Local variable 'commerceItemRelationshipList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/GiftWrapCheckDroplet.java:120:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'giftWrapItemFound' (lines '120'-'146').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/GiftWrapCheckDroplet.java:121:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'giftWrapPrice' (lines '121'-'147').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/GiftWrapCheckDroplet.java:122:	Avoid excessively long variable names like giftWrapNotEligibleSkus
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/GiftWrapCheckDroplet.java:122:	Local variable 'giftWrapNotEligibleSkus' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/GiftWrapCheckDroplet.java:123:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'index' (lines '123'-'125').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/GiftWrapCheckDroplet.java:123:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'index' (lines '123'-'209').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/GiftWrapCheckDroplet.java:124:	Avoid excessively long variable names like commerceItemRelationship
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/GiftWrapCheckDroplet.java:124:	Local variable 'commerceItemRelationship' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/GiftWrapCheckDroplet.java:125:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'index' (lines '125'-'125').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/GiftWrapCheckDroplet.java:125:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'index' (lines '125'-'209').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/GiftWrapCheckDroplet.java:126:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'giftWrapVO' (lines '126'-'126').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/GiftWrapCheckDroplet.java:126:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'giftWrapVO' (lines '126'-'141').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/GiftWrapCheckDroplet.java:126:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'giftWrapVO' (lines '126'-'209').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/GiftWrapCheckDroplet.java:127:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'skuVO' (lines '127'-'127').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/GiftWrapCheckDroplet.java:127:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'skuVO' (lines '127'-'153').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/GiftWrapCheckDroplet.java:127:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'skuVO' (lines '127'-'209').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/GiftWrapCheckDroplet.java:129:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/GiftWrapCheckDroplet.java:130:	Avoid variables with short names like ci
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/GiftWrapCheckDroplet.java:130:	Local variable 'ci' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/GiftWrapCheckDroplet.java:134:	Local variable 'IsGiftWrap' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/GiftWrapCheckDroplet.java:134:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'IsGiftWrap' starts with uppercase character.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/GiftWrapCheckDroplet.java:146:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'giftWrapItemFound' (lines '146'-'146').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/GiftWrapCheckDroplet.java:147:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'giftWrapPrice' (lines '147'-'147').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/GiftWrapCheckDroplet.java:224:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/GiftWrapCheckDroplet.java:224:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'commerceItemRelationship' (lines '224'-'262').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/GiftWrapCheckDroplet.java:224:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'object' (lines '224'-'252').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/GiftWrapCheckDroplet.java:224:	Parameter 'pRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/GiftWrapCheckDroplet.java:224:	The method 'processMultiGiftOption' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 19.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/GiftWrapCheckDroplet.java:225:	Parameter 'pResponse' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/GiftWrapCheckDroplet.java:228:	Local variable 'order' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/GiftWrapCheckDroplet.java:230:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'shipGroup' (lines '230'-'255').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/GiftWrapCheckDroplet.java:230:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'shipGroup' (lines '230'-'377').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/GiftWrapCheckDroplet.java:232:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'siteId' (lines '232'-'377').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/GiftWrapCheckDroplet.java:242:	Local variable 'giftWrapVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/GiftWrapCheckDroplet.java:245:	Local variable 'object' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/GiftWrapCheckDroplet.java:247:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/GiftWrapCheckDroplet.java:247:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'giftWrapMap' (lines '247'-'377').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/GiftWrapCheckDroplet.java:247:	Local variable 'giftWrapMap' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/GiftWrapCheckDroplet.java:248:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'groupRequired' (lines '248'-'284').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/GiftWrapCheckDroplet.java:248:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'groupRequired' (lines '248'-'377').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/GiftWrapCheckDroplet.java:249:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'itemQuantity' (lines '249'-'267').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/GiftWrapCheckDroplet.java:249:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'itemQuantity' (lines '249'-'377').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/GiftWrapCheckDroplet.java:250:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/GiftWrapCheckDroplet.java:250:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'commItemList' (lines '250'-'377').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/GiftWrapCheckDroplet.java:250:	Local variable 'commItemList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/GiftWrapCheckDroplet.java:253:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/GiftWrapCheckDroplet.java:253:	Local variable 'nonGiftWrapSkus' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/GiftWrapCheckDroplet.java:257:	Avoid excessively long variable names like commerceItemRelationshipList
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/GiftWrapCheckDroplet.java:257:	Local variable 'commerceItemRelationshipList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/GiftWrapCheckDroplet.java:260:	Avoid excessively long variable names like commerceItemRelationship
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/GiftWrapCheckDroplet.java:260:	Local variable 'commerceItemRelationship' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/GiftWrapCheckDroplet.java:262:	Local variable 'commerceItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/GiftWrapCheckDroplet.java:272:	Local variable 'IsGiftWrap' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/GiftWrapCheckDroplet.java:272:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'IsGiftWrap' starts with uppercase character.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/GiftWrapCheckDroplet.java:284:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'groupRequired' (lines '284'-'284').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/GiftWrapCheckDroplet.java:287:	Local variable 'skuVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/GiftWrapCheckDroplet.java:314:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shippingMethodDescription
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/GiftWrapCheckDroplet.java:314:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'shippingMethodDescription' (lines '314'-'314').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/GiftWrapCheckDroplet.java:314:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'shippingMethodDescription' (lines '314'-'319').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/GiftWrapCheckDroplet.java:314:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'shippingMethodDescription' (lines '314'-'377').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/GiftWrapCheckDroplet.java:331:	Local variable 'shipAddress' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/GiftWrapCheckDroplet.java:332:	Local variable 'shippingMethod' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/GiftWrapCheckDroplet.java:405:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pShippingGroupManager
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/GiftWrapCheckDroplet.java:405:	Parameter 'pShippingGroupManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/GiftWrapGreetingsDroplet.java:28:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.constants.BBBCoreConstants'
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/GiftWrapGreetingsDroplet.java:28:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.constants.BBBCoreConstants'
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/GiftWrapGreetingsDroplet.java:73:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/GiftWrapGreetingsDroplet.java:130:	Parameter 'inputParam' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/GiftWrapGreetingsDroplet.java:134:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'giftWrapMsg' (lines '134'-'141').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/GiftWrapGreetingsDroplet.java:135:	Local variable 'pRequest' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/GiftWrapGreetingsDroplet.java:136:	Local variable 'pResponse' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/GiftWrapGreetingsDroplet.java:137:	Local variable 'siteId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/GiftWrapGreetingsDroplet.java:152:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/GiftWrapGreetingsDroplet.java:154:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/PromotionExclusionMsgDroplet.java:32:	The class 'PromotionExclusionMsgDroplet' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 5 (Highest = 11).
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/PromotionExclusionMsgDroplet.java:37:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'commItem' (lines '37'-'59').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/PromotionExclusionMsgDroplet.java:37:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'commerceItem' (lines '37'-'85').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/PromotionExclusionMsgDroplet.java:37:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'promotion' (lines '37'-'80').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/PromotionExclusionMsgDroplet.java:37:	Parameter 'pRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/PromotionExclusionMsgDroplet.java:37:	The method 'service' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/PromotionExclusionMsgDroplet.java:38:	Parameter 'pResponse' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/PromotionExclusionMsgDroplet.java:43:	Local variable 'order' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/PromotionExclusionMsgDroplet.java:46:	Local variable 'commerceItems' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/PromotionExclusionMsgDroplet.java:49:	Local variable 'appliedItemPromos' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/PromotionExclusionMsgDroplet.java:51:	Avoid excessively long variable names like excludedPromoComItem
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/PromotionExclusionMsgDroplet.java:51:	Local variable 'excludedPromoComItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/PromotionExclusionMsgDroplet.java:58:	Local variable 'commItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/PromotionExclusionMsgDroplet.java:70:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'comItemExclMap' (lines '70'-'75').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/PromotionExclusionMsgDroplet.java:79:	Local variable 'promotion' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/PromotionExclusionMsgDroplet.java:82:	Local variable 'comItemSet' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/PromotionExclusionMsgDroplet.java:84:	Local variable 'commerceItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/PromotionExclusionMsgDroplet.java:85:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/PromotionExclusionMsgDroplet.java:86:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/PromotionExclusionMsgDroplet.java:86:	Local variable 'excludedPromos' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/PromotionExclusionMsgDroplet.java:102:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/PromotionExclusionMsgDroplet.java:127:	Parameter 'pPromotionTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/UserCouponWalletDroplet.java:39:	The class 'UserCouponWalletDroplet' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 12).
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/UserCouponWalletDroplet.java:45:	Avoid excessively long variable names like lblTxtTemplateManager
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/UserCouponWalletDroplet.java:50:	Avoid excessively long variable names like lblTxtTemplateManager
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/UserCouponWalletDroplet.java:50:	Parameter 'lblTxtTemplateManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/UserCouponWalletDroplet.java:81:	The method 'service' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 12.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/UserCouponWalletDroplet.java:83:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'promotions' (lines '83'-'108').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/UserCouponWalletDroplet.java:83:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'promotions' (lines '83'-'111').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/UserCouponWalletDroplet.java:83:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'promotions' (lines '83'-'98').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/UserCouponWalletDroplet.java:83:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'promotions' (lines '83'-'143').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/UserCouponWalletDroplet.java:86:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'site' (lines '86'-'143').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/UserCouponWalletDroplet.java:98:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'promotions' (lines '98'-'111').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/UserCouponWalletDroplet.java:108:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'promotions' (lines '108'-'111').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/UserCouponWalletDroplet.java:145:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'entry' (lines '145'-'166').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/UserCouponWalletDroplet.java:162:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'index' (lines '162'-'198').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/UserCouponWalletDroplet.java:164:	Local variable 'entry' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/UserCouponWalletDroplet.java:165:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/UserCouponWalletDroplet.java:210:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'coupon' (lines '210'-'238').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/UserCouponWalletDroplet.java:212:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'appliedCpnListVO' (lines '212'-'231').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/UserCouponWalletDroplet.java:236:	Local variable 'coupon' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/WCRegistryInfoDroplet.java:54:	Parameter 'pPricingTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/WCRegistryInfoDroplet.java:67:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'cisiRel' (lines '67'-'87').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/WCRegistryInfoDroplet.java:67:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'registryIdItem' (lines '67'-'100').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/WCRegistryInfoDroplet.java:67:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'registryIdItem' (lines '67'-'104').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/WCRegistryInfoDroplet.java:67:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'sg' (lines '67'-'84').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/WCRegistryInfoDroplet.java:76:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'registryId' (lines '76'-'92').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/WCRegistryInfoDroplet.java:79:	Local variable 'registryIdsList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/WCRegistryInfoDroplet.java:80:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'count' (lines '80'-'117').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/WCRegistryInfoDroplet.java:81:	Avoid variables with short names like sg
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/WCRegistryInfoDroplet.java:81:	Local variable 'sg' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/WCRegistryInfoDroplet.java:84:	Local variable 'cisiRel' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/WCRegistryInfoDroplet.java:87:	Local variable 'commerceItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/WCRegistryInfoDroplet.java:91:	Local variable 'bbbComItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/WCRegistryInfoDroplet.java:98:	Local variable 'registryIdItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/WCRegistryInfoDroplet.java:101:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'count' (lines '101'-'117').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/WCRegistryInfoDroplet.java:105:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'count' (lines '105'-'117').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/internal/BBBOrderXMLDroplet.java:30:	Local variable 'orderXML' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/droplet/internal/BBBOrderXMLDroplet.java:55:	Parameter 'marshaller' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/feeds/OrderFeedMessageListener.java:32:	Parameter 'orderFeedManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/feeds/OrderFeedMessageListener.java:109:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'xml' (lines '109'-'132').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/feeds/OrderFeedMessageListener.java:138:	A getX() method which returns a boolean should be named isX()
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/feeds/OrderFeedMessageListener.java:142:	Parameter 'enableService' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/feeds/OrderFeedTestQueue.java:35:	Parameter 'xmlPath' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/feeds/OrderFeedTestQueue.java:57:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'xml' (lines '57'-'73').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/feeds/OrderFeedTestQueue.java:58:	Avoid variables with short names like ch
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/feeds/OrderFeedTestQueue.java:59:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'fstream' (lines '59'-'61').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/feeds/OrderFeedTestQueue.java:61:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'fstream' (lines '61'-'83').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/feeds/OrderFeedTestQueue.java:96:	Parameter 'xml' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/feeds/OrderFeedTestQueue.java:117:	Parameter 'configurable' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/feeds/OrderStatusUpdateManager.java:1:	A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/feeds/OrderStatusUpdateManager.java:57:	The class 'OrderStatusUpdateManager' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 6 (Highest = 30).
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/feeds/OrderStatusUpdateManager.java:59:	Avoid excessively long variable names like DEFAULT_XML_DATE_VALUE
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/feeds/OrderStatusUpdateManager.java:68:	Perhaps 'context' could be replaced by a local variable.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/feeds/OrderStatusUpdateManager.java:161:	The method 'updateOrderStatus' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 23.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/feeds/OrderStatusUpdateManager.java:161:	The method updateOrderStatus() has an NPath complexity of 8232
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/feeds/OrderStatusUpdateManager.java:175:	Avoid excessively long variable names like orderStatusTypeElement
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/feeds/OrderStatusUpdateManager.java:176:	Avoid excessively long variable names like orderStatusUpdateVO
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/feeds/OrderStatusUpdateManager.java:179:	Avoid excessively long variable names like orderAttributesElement
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/feeds/OrderStatusUpdateManager.java:180:	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/feeds/OrderStatusUpdateManager.java:185:	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/feeds/OrderStatusUpdateManager.java:188:	Avoid excessively long variable names like orderAttributesType
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/feeds/OrderStatusUpdateManager.java:217:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ShippingGroupTypeVOList
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/feeds/OrderStatusUpdateManager.java:217:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/feeds/OrderStatusUpdateManager.java:218:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shipGrpTypeElementList
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/feeds/OrderStatusUpdateManager.java:226:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shipGrpTypeElement
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/feeds/OrderStatusUpdateManager.java:227:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shippingGroupTypeVO
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/feeds/OrderStatusUpdateManager.java:284:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'orderId' (lines '284'-'289').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/feeds/OrderStatusUpdateManager.java:285:	StringBuffer constructor is initialized with size 16, but has at least 39 characters appended.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/feeds/OrderStatusUpdateManager.java:303:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shipGrpTypeElement
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/feeds/OrderStatusUpdateManager.java:305:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shippingGroupTypeVO
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/feeds/OrderStatusUpdateManager.java:308:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shipmentTrackingVOList
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/feeds/OrderStatusUpdateManager.java:309:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ShipmentTrackingElementList
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/feeds/OrderStatusUpdateManager.java:318:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shipmentTrackingTypeElement
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/feeds/OrderStatusUpdateManager.java:319:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shipmentTrackingVO
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/feeds/OrderStatusUpdateManager.java:347:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shipmentTrackingTypeElement
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/feeds/OrderStatusUpdateManager.java:348:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shipmentTrackingVO
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/feeds/OrderStatusUpdateManager.java:375:	Avoid excessively long variable names like orderStatusUpdateVO
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/feeds/OrderStatusUpdateManager.java:375:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'order' (lines '375'-'375').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/feeds/OrderStatusUpdateManager.java:375:	The method 'updateOrderRepository' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 16.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/feeds/OrderStatusUpdateManager.java:382:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'rollback' (lines '382'-'409').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/feeds/OrderStatusUpdateManager.java:382:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'rollback' (lines '382'-'440').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/feeds/OrderStatusUpdateManager.java:383:	Avoid variables with short names like tm
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/feeds/OrderStatusUpdateManager.java:384:	Avoid variables with short names like td
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/feeds/OrderStatusUpdateManager.java:384:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'td' (lines '384'-'440').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/feeds/OrderStatusUpdateManager.java:388:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/feeds/OrderStatusUpdateManager.java:401:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/feeds/OrderStatusUpdateManager.java:409:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'rollback' (lines '409'-'440').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/feeds/OrderStatusUpdateManager.java:449:	Avoid excessively long variable names like orderStatusUpdateVO
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/feeds/OrderStatusUpdateManager.java:449:	The method 'updateOrderItem' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 14.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/feeds/OrderStatusUpdateManager.java:449:	The method updateOrderItem() has an NPath complexity of 770
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/feeds/OrderStatusUpdateManager.java:464:	Avoid excessively long variable names like modificationDateObj
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/feeds/OrderStatusUpdateManager.java:484:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/feeds/OrderStatusUpdateManager.java:492:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shippingGroupTypeVO
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/feeds/OrderStatusUpdateManager.java:525:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/feeds/OrderStatusUpdateManager.java:525:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'element' (lines '525'-'573').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/feeds/OrderStatusUpdateManager.java:525:	The method 'updateShippingGroup' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 30.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/feeds/OrderStatusUpdateManager.java:525:	The method updateShippingGroup() has an NPath complexity of 15656
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/feeds/OrderStatusUpdateManager.java:526:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shippingGroupTypeVO
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/feeds/OrderStatusUpdateManager.java:530:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'shippingGroupitem' (lines '530'-'532').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/feeds/OrderStatusUpdateManager.java:536:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/feeds/OrderStatusUpdateManager.java:558:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shipmentTrackerSet
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/feeds/OrderStatusUpdateManager.java:558:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'shipmentTrackerSet' (lines '558'-'568').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/feeds/OrderStatusUpdateManager.java:560:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shipmentTrackingVOs
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/feeds/OrderStatusUpdateManager.java:573:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shipmentTrackingVO2
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/feeds/OrderStatusUpdateManager.java:581:	Avoid excessively long variable names like modificationDateObj
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/feeds/OrderStatusUpdateManager.java:590:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/feeds/OrderStatusUpdateManager.java:598:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/feeds/OrderStatusUpdateManager.java:641:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/feeds/OrderStatusUpdateManager.java:659:	The String literal "shipGroup id: " appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 659
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/feeds/OrderStatusUpdateManager.java:690:	Avoid excessively long variable names like modificationDateObj
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/feeds/OrderStatusUpdateManager.java:690:	The method 'getCalendarFromXMLDate' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 23.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/feeds/OrderStatusUpdateManager.java:690:	The method getCalendarFromXMLDate() has an NPath complexity of 263180
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/feeds/OrderStatusUpdateManager.java:697:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'calender' (lines '697'-'701').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:1:	A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:1:	High amount of different objects as members denotes a high coupling
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:1:	This class has a bunch of public methods and attributes
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:107:	Avoid really long classes.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:107:	The class 'BBBShippingGroupFormhandler' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 25).
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:107:	The type has an NCSS line count of 1664
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:107:	This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:107:	Too many fields
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:111:	Avoid excessively long variable names like MSG_MISSING_REQUIRED_ADDRESS_PROPERTY
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:112:	Avoid excessively long variable names like MSG_INVALID_ADDRESS_PROPERTY
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:112:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'MSG_INVALID_ADDRESS_PROPERTY'.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:114:	Avoid excessively long variable names like IMPROPER_DATE_PACK_HOLD
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:115:	Avoid excessively long variable names like IMPROPER_SCHOOL_PACK_HOLD
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:115:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'IMPROPER_SCHOOL_PACK_HOLD'.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:118:	Avoid excessively long variable names like NICKNAME_SEPARATOR
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:119:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SHIPPING_COMBINATION_SEPERATOR
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:119:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'SHIPPING_COMBINATION_SEPERATOR'.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:120:	Avoid excessively long variable names like COUNTRY_KEY_PREFIX
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:120:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'COUNTRY_KEY_PREFIX'.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:121:	Avoid excessively long variable names like COUNTRY_STATE_RESOURCES
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:121:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'COUNTRY_STATE_RESOURCES'.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:123:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SHIPPING_RESTRICTION_TRUE
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:124:	Avoid excessively long variable names like MULTI_SHIPPING_RESTRICTION_TRUE
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:125:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_MULTI_GIFT_INVALID_SHIPPINGGROUPID
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:126:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GENERIC_ERROR_TRY_LATER
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:127:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_CART_QUANTITY_INCORRECT
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:128:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_CART_INVALID_SHIPPING
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:129:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_CART_INVALID_INPUT
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:130:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_CART_OUT_OF_STOCK
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:132:	Avoid excessively long variable names like MSG_ERROR_UPDATE_ORDER
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:132:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'MSG_ERROR_UPDATE_ORDER'.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:133:	Avoid excessively long variable names like MSG_ERROR_MOVE_TO_BILLING
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:133:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'MSG_ERROR_MOVE_TO_BILLING'.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:134:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERROR_INCORRECT_STATE
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:135:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERROR_SHIPPING_GIFT_CARD
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:136:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERROR_SHIP_ADD_NEW_ADDRESS
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:137:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERROR_SAVING_TO_PROFILE
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:138:	Avoid excessively long variable names like INVALID_SHIPPING_METHOD
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:139:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERROR_INCORRECT_ADDRESS
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:140:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERROR_SHIP_TO_MULTIPLE
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:141:	Avoid excessively long variable names like RESTRICTED_SHIPPING_METHOD
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:142:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERROR_MULTIPLE_SHIPPING
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:143:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERROR_SHIPPING_GROUP_ID_INVALID
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:144:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERROR_GIFT_MESSAGE_GENERIC_ERROR
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:145:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERROR_SHIPPING_GENERIC_ERROR
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:146:	Avoid excessively long variable names like IMPROPER_SHIPPING_METHOD_HOLD
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:147:	Avoid excessively long variable names like NO_SHIPPING_ADDRESS_SELECTED
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:150:	Avoid excessively long variable names like commonConfiguration
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:151:	Avoid excessively long variable names like commerceItemShippingInfo
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:152:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shippingGroupDroplet
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:155:	Avoid excessively long variable names like checkoutProgressStates
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:156:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shippingGroupInitializers
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:158:	Avoid excessively long variable names like storeInventoryContainer
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:161:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shippingAddressContainer
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:163:	Avoid excessively long variable names like multiShippingAddressContainer
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:167:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shippingGroupManager
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:169:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mShippingGroupContainerService
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:171:	Avoid excessively long variable names like commerceItemShippingInfos
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:171:	Perhaps 'commerceItemShippingInfos' could be replaced by a local variable.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:173:	Avoid excessively long variable names like commerceItemShipInfoVOs
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:175:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shippingGroupCommerceItemShipInfoVOs
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:176:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shippingAddressCombinations
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:177:	Avoid excessively long variable names like checkoutFailureURLsForREST
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:178:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shippingGroupCombinations
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:190:	Avoid excessively long variable names like giftMsgAPIDelimiter
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:191:	Avoid excessively long variable names like giftMsgAPIPropertiesDelimiter
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:192:	Avoid excessively long variable names like multiShipOutOfStock
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:197:	Avoid excessively long variable names like commerceItemShippingInfoIndex
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:198:	Avoid excessively long variable names like storeShippingGroupMethodName
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:199:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shipToMultiplePeopleErrorURL
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:200:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shipToMultiplePeopleSuccessURL
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:201:	Avoid excessively long variable names like commerceItemShippingInfoClass
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:203:	Avoid excessively long variable names like newShipToAddressName
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:204:	Avoid excessively long variable names like defaultShippingMethod
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:208:	Avoid excessively long variable names like saveShippingAddress
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:209:	Avoid excessively long variable names like singleShippingGroupCheckout
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:210:	Avoid excessively long variable names like changeStoreAfterSplitFlag
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:211:	Avoid excessively long variable names like sendShippingConfEmail
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:214:	Avoid excessively long variable names like orderIncludesGifts
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:218:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shippingInfoBeanList
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:238:	Avoid excessively long variable names like changeStoreAfterSplitFlag
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:248:	Avoid excessively long variable names like multiShipOutOfStock
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:267:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:289:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mStoreInventoryContainer
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:305:	Avoid variables with short names like ex
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:334:	The method 'preChangeToStorePickup' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:340:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:375:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:376:	Avoid excessively long variable names like tempAvailabilityMap
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:383:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'comRel' (lines '383'-'401').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:383:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'comRel' (lines '383'-'404').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:383:	The method 'checkStoreInventory' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 15.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:386:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'foundItem' (lines '386'-'392').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:386:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'foundItem' (lines '386'-'406').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:393:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:408:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:419:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:454:	The method 'changeToStorePickup' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:455:	Avoid unused method parameters such as 'pRequest'.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:456:	Avoid unused method parameters such as 'pResponse'.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:460:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bbbItem' (lines '460'-'463').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:469:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'ciManager' (lines '469'-'494').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:474:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:518:	The method 'handleChangeToStorePickup' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 15.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:527:	Avoid variables with short names like tr
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:527:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'tr' (lines '527'-'529').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:529:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'tr' (lines '529'-'581').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:590:	The method 'preChangeToShipOnline' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:596:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:602:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bbbItem' (lines '602'-'605').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:627:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'comRel' (lines '627'-'645').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:627:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'comRel' (lines '627'-'648').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:627:	The method 'checkOnlineInventory' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 15.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:630:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'foundItem' (lines '630'-'638').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:630:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'foundItem' (lines '630'-'650').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:639:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:652:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:663:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:671:	Avoid excessively long variable names like purchaseProcessHelper
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:679:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:701:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bbbItem' (lines '701'-'704').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:710:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'ciManager' (lines '710'-'730').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:739:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'commerceItem' (lines '739'-'756').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:739:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'savedItem' (lines '739'-'772').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:739:	The method 'postChangeToShipOnline' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 15.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:745:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bbbItem' (lines '745'-'748').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:750:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isChange' (lines '750'-'761').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:750:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'isChange' (lines '750'-'785').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:796:	The method 'handleChangeToShipOnline' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 13.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:805:	Avoid variables with short names like tr
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:805:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'tr' (lines '805'-'807').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:807:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'tr' (lines '807'-'847').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:870:	The method 'handleGiftMessaging' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 16.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:870:	The method handleGiftMessaging() has an NPath complexity of 1800
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:872:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'redirectURL' (lines '872'-'877').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:883:	Avoid variables with short names like tr
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:883:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'tr' (lines '883'-'891').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:891:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'tr' (lines '891'-'951').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:921:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:921:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'tr' (lines '921'-'951').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:933:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:954:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'bbbShippingInfoBean' (lines '954'-'966').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:954:	The method 'multiGiftMessaging' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 17.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:965:	Avoid excessively long variable names like bbbShippingInfoBean
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:982:	The String literal "for multi Ship flow - " appears 7 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 982
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:1001:	The String literal "Exception occured while adding/removing gift item" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 1,001
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:1034:	The String literal "Error occurred processing gift messagin" appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 1,034
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:1063:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shippingMethodDescription
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:1063:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'shippingMethodDescription' (lines '1,063'-'1,068').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:1093:	The method 'handleAddNewAddress' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 14.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:1108:	Avoid variables with short names like tr
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:1108:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'tr' (lines '1,108'-'1,111').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:1111:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'tr' (lines '1,111'-'1,170').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:1202:	The method 'addShipping' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 13.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:1202:	The method addShipping() has an NPath complexity of 200
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:1204:	Avoid excessively long variable names like addressFromContainer
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:1208:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'formatter' (lines '1,208'-'1,253').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:1226:	Avoid excessively long variable names like firstNonGiftHardgoodShippingGroupWithRels
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:1255:	Avoid excessively long variable names like addressFromContainer
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:1262:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:1265:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:1268:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:1284:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'name' (lines '1,284'-'1,290').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:1284:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'name' (lines '1,284'-'1,292').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:1295:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bbbAddress' (lines '1,295'-'1,296').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:1302:	Avoid excessively long variable names like commerceItemShippingInfoList
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:1338:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:1338:	The method 'handleAddShipping' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 25.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:1338:	The method handleAddShipping() has an NPath complexity of 12546
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:1340:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'contextPath' (lines '1,340'-'1,464').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:1341:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'failureURL' (lines '1,341'-'1,345').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:1348:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'successURL' (lines '1,348'-'1,435').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:1348:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'successURL' (lines '1,348'-'1,439').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:1348:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'successURL' (lines '1,348'-'1,464').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:1350:	Avoid variables with short names like tr
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:1350:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'tr' (lines '1,350'-'1,357').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:1350:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'tr' (lines '1,350'-'1,464').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:1357:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'tr' (lines '1,357'-'1,464').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:1391:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:1435:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'successURL' (lines '1,435'-'1,439').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:1439:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:1470:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'sgcirObj' (lines '1,470'-'1,479').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:1470:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'shippingGroupObj' (lines '1,470'-'1,474').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:1471:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isRestricted' (lines '1,471'-'1,486').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:1471:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'isRestricted' (lines '1,471'-'1,502').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:1474:	Avoid variables with short names like sg
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:1493:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:1521:	The String literal "true" appears 8 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 1,521
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:1550:	The method 'validatePackNHold' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 13.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:1594:	Avoid excessively long variable names like defaultShippingMethod
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:1660:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'shippingMethod' (lines '1,660'-'1,708').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:1670:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:1813:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:1846:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:1890:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pMissingProperties
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:1891:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0) with calls to isEmpty()
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:1892:	Avoid excessively long variable names like addressPropertyNameMap
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:1892:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'addressPropertyNameMap' (lines '1,892'-'1,931').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:1905:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:1911:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pInvalidProperties
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:1912:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0) with calls to isEmpty()
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:1913:	Avoid excessively long variable names like addressPropertyNameMap
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:1926:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:1943:	The method 'handleShipToMultiplePeople' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 20.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:1943:	The method handleShipToMultiplePeople() has an NPath complexity of 1584
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:1945:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'redirectURL' (lines '1,945'-'1,949').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:1945:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'redirectURL' (lines '1,945'-'2,023').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:1945:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'redirectURL' (lines '1,945'-'2,039').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:1949:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'redirectURL' (lines '1,949'-'2,023').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:1949:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'redirectURL' (lines '1,949'-'2,039').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:1951:	Avoid variables with short names like tr
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:1951:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'tr' (lines '1,951'-'1,960').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:1951:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'tr' (lines '1,951'-'2,039').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:1960:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'tr' (lines '1,960'-'2,039').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:2071:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'currentCISI' (lines '2,071'-'2,076').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:2071:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'currentCISI' (lines '2,071'-'2,114').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:2075:	Avoid excessively long variable names like commerceItemShippingInfoList
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:2116:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'cisiObj' (lines '2,116'-'2,122').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:2119:	Avoid excessively long variable names like commerceItemShippingInfos
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:2120:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'redirectURL' (lines '2,120'-'2,130').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:2146:	The method 'handleMultipleShipping' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 20.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:2146:	The method handleMultipleShipping() has an NPath complexity of 1622
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:2155:	Avoid variables with short names like tr
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:2155:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'tr' (lines '2,155'-'2,163').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:2156:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'redirectURL' (lines '2,156'-'2,160').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:2156:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'redirectURL' (lines '2,156'-'2,225').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:2156:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'redirectURL' (lines '2,156'-'2,235').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:2160:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'redirectURL' (lines '2,160'-'2,225').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:2160:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'redirectURL' (lines '2,160'-'2,235').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:2163:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'tr' (lines '2,163'-'2,241').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:2187:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:2249:	The method 'preMultipleShipping' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:2251:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'cisiItemsList' (lines '2,251'-'2,302').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:2252:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'cisi' (lines '2,252'-'2,266').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:2252:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'cisi' (lines '2,252'-'2,302').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:2253:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'shippingMethod' (lines '2,253'-'2,267').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:2253:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'shippingMethod' (lines '2,253'-'2,302').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:2254:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'sourceId' (lines '2,254'-'2,268').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:2254:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'sourceId' (lines '2,254'-'2,302').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:2255:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'address' (lines '2,255'-'2,290').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:2255:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'address' (lines '2,255'-'2,302').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:2268:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'sourceId' (lines '2,268'-'2,302').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:2270:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'commerceItem' (lines '2,270'-'2,302').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:2274:	Avoid excessively long variable names like storePickupShippingGroup
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:2278:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:2286:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:2315:	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:2315:	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:2337:	The method 'checkItemShipByMethod' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:2351:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'state' (lines '2,351'-'2,375').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:2359:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shippingMethodDescription
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:2360:	Avoid excessively long variable names like errShippingMethodMsg
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:2383:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'shippingGroup' (lines '2,383'-'2,390').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:2405:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'cisi' (lines '2,405'-'2,412').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:2405:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'cisi' (lines '2,405'-'2,442').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:2406:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'hgsg' (lines '2,406'-'2,416').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:2406:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'hgsg' (lines '2,406'-'2,442').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:2418:	Avoid excessively long variable names like inputShipGroupMethodKey
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:2444:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'object' (lines '2,444'-'2,455').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:2444:	The method 'checkGiftCardRestriction' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 14.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:2447:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'nonGiftCardSet' (lines '2,447'-'2,507').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:2448:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'tempCISI' (lines '2,448'-'2,455').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:2449:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'tempKey' (lines '2,449'-'2,459').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:2450:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'skuId' (lines '2,450'-'2,460').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:2451:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'shippingMethod' (lines '2,451'-'2,461').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:2452:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'tempCommItem' (lines '2,452'-'2,456').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:2459:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'tempKey' (lines '2,459'-'2,507').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:2460:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'skuId' (lines '2,460'-'2,507').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:2462:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isGiftcardItem' (lines '2,462'-'2,465').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:2462:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'isGiftcardItem' (lines '2,462'-'2,507').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:2510:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'cisiObj' (lines '2,510'-'2,514').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:2511:	Avoid excessively long variable names like commerceItemShippingInfos
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:2524:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'object' (lines '2,524'-'2,530').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:2527:	Avoid variables with short names like sg
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:2535:	The String literal "false" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 2,535
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:2535:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:2561:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mCommerceItemShippingInfoClass
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:2574:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mMultiShippingAddrCont
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:2584:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mShipToMultiplePeopleErrorURL
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:2594:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mShipToMultiplePeopleSuccessURL
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:2599:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'shippingGroup' (lines '2,599'-'2,604').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:2600:	Avoid excessively long variable names like orderIncludesGifts
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:2602:	Avoid excessively long variable names like bbbHardGoodShippingGroup
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:2602:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bbbHardGoodShippingGroup' (lines '2,602'-'2,605').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:2616:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mOrderIncludesGifts
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:2626:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mStoreSGMethodName
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:2636:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pCheckoutProgressStates
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:2654:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pShippingGroupInitializers
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:2672:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pDefaultShippingMethod
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:2682:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pSingleShippingGroupCheckout
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:2823:	Avoid excessively long variable names like bbbInventoryManager
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:2846:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pBBBShippingInfoBean
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:2851:	A getX() method which returns a boolean should be named isX()
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:2861:	A getX() method which returns a boolean should be named isX()
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:2866:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pSaveShippingAddress
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:2876:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pShipToAddressName
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:2889:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pNewShipToAddressName
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:2918:	A getX() method which returns a boolean should be named isX()
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:2923:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pSendShippingConfEmail
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:2938:	A getX() method which returns a boolean should be named isX()
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:2994:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pShippingGroupContainerService
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:3024:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mShippingMethodMap
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:3059:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pCommonConfiguration
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:3072:	Avoid excessively long variable names like hardGoodSGShipmentList
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:3091:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mShippingGroupCombinations
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:3097:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shippingGroupCombinations
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:3111:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mShippingAddressCombinations
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:3118:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shippingAddressCombinations
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:3128:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pShippingAddressContainer
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:3143:	Avoid excessively long variable names like checkoutFailureURLsForREST
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:3153:	Avoid excessively long variable names like giftMsgAPIDelimiter
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:3163:	Avoid excessively long variable names like giftMsgAPIPropertiesDelimiter
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:3173:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shippingGroupDroplet
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:3264:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:3272:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:3300:	The method 'handleRestMultipleShipping' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 17.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:3309:	Avoid variables with short names like tr
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:3316:	Avoid instantiating Boolean objects; reference Boolean.TRUE or Boolean.FALSE or call Boolean.valueOf() instead.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:3317:	Avoid instantiating Boolean objects; reference Boolean.TRUE or Boolean.FALSE or call Boolean.valueOf() instead.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:3318:	Avoid instantiating Boolean objects; reference Boolean.TRUE or Boolean.FALSE or call Boolean.valueOf() instead.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:3319:	Avoid instantiating Boolean objects; reference Boolean.TRUE or Boolean.FALSE or call Boolean.valueOf() instead.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:3328:	Avoid excessively long variable names like commerceItemShipInfoVOList
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:3381:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:3381:	The method 'createHardGoodShippingGroups' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 24.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:3381:	The method createHardGoodShippingGroups() has an NPath complexity of 4160
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:3395:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:3420:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:3545:	Avoid instantiating Boolean objects; reference Boolean.TRUE or Boolean.FALSE or call Boolean.valueOf() instead.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:3546:	Avoid instantiating Boolean objects; reference Boolean.TRUE or Boolean.FALSE or call Boolean.valueOf() instead.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:3547:	Avoid instantiating Boolean objects; reference Boolean.TRUE or Boolean.FALSE or call Boolean.valueOf() instead.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:3548:	Avoid instantiating Boolean objects; reference Boolean.TRUE or Boolean.FALSE or call Boolean.valueOf() instead.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:3551:	Avoid excessively long variable names like commerceItemShipInfoVOList
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:3552:	Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:3555:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/formhandler/BBBShippingGroupFormhandler.java:3569:	Avoid excessively long variable names like commerceItemShipInfoVOList
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/manager/PromotionLookupManager.java:35:	The class 'PromotionLookupManager' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 11).
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/manager/PromotionLookupManager.java:50:	The method 'populateValidPromotions' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/manager/PromotionLookupManager.java:50:	The method populateValidPromotions() has an NPath complexity of 432
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/manager/PromotionLookupManager.java:51:	Parameter 'site' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/manager/PromotionLookupManager.java:52:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'results' (lines '52'-'91').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/manager/PromotionLookupManager.java:52:	Local variable 'results' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/manager/PromotionLookupManager.java:53:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'email' (lines '53'-'56').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/manager/PromotionLookupManager.java:54:	Local variable 'billingAddress' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/manager/PromotionLookupManager.java:67:	Local variable 'pMobilePhone' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/manager/PromotionLookupManager.java:71:	Local variable 'couponResponse' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/manager/PromotionLookupManager.java:79:	Local variable 'errStatus' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/manager/PromotionLookupManager.java:83:	Local variable 'mCouponList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/manager/PromotionLookupManager.java:93:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'couponListVo' (lines '93'-'98').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/manager/PromotionLookupManager.java:93:	Parameter 'site' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/manager/PromotionLookupManager.java:94:	Parameter 'results' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/manager/PromotionLookupManager.java:95:	Parameter 'mCouponList' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/manager/PromotionLookupManager.java:97:	Local variable 'couponListVo' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/manager/PromotionLookupManager.java:98:	Local variable 'code' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/manager/PromotionLookupManager.java:99:	Local variable 'promId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/manager/PromotionLookupManager.java:106:	Parameter 'billingAddress' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/manager/PromotionLookupManager.java:107:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'results' (lines '107'-'109').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/manager/PromotionLookupManager.java:126:	Parameter 'promoItem' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/manager/PromotionLookupManager.java:126:	Parameter 'siteID' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/manager/PromotionLookupManager.java:135:	Parameter 'pCouponManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/manager/PromotionLookupManager.java:141:	Parameter 'catalogTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/manager/PromotionLookupManager.java:149:	Parameter 'mPromotionTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/processor/BBBProcLoadPriceInfoObjects.java:24:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shippingItemsTaxPriceInfosPropertyName
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/processor/BBBProcLoadPriceInfoObjects.java:26:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'commerceItemId' (lines '26'-'54').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/processor/BBBProcLoadPriceInfoObjects.java:26:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'shippingId' (lines '26'-'48').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/processor/BBBProcLoadPriceInfoObjects.java:26:	Parameter 'invalidateCache' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/processor/BBBProcLoadPriceInfoObjects.java:26:	Parameter 'order' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/processor/BBBProcLoadPriceInfoObjects.java:26:	Parameter 'orderItem' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/processor/BBBProcLoadPriceInfoObjects.java:26:	Parameter 'orderManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/processor/BBBProcLoadPriceInfoObjects.java:27:	A method/constructor shouldnt explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/processor/BBBProcLoadPriceInfoObjects.java:27:	A method/constructor shouldnt explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/processor/BBBProcLoadPriceInfoObjects.java:31:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'tpiRepItem' (lines '31'-'40').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/processor/BBBProcLoadPriceInfoObjects.java:32:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shipTaxMapRepoItem
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/processor/BBBProcLoadPriceInfoObjects.java:32:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'shipTaxMapRepoItem' (lines '32'-'42').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/processor/BBBProcLoadPriceInfoObjects.java:32:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'shipTaxMapRepoItem' (lines '32'-'65').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/processor/BBBProcLoadPriceInfoObjects.java:33:	Avoid excessively long variable names like itemShipTaxMapRepoItem
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/processor/BBBProcLoadPriceInfoObjects.java:33:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'itemShipTaxMapRepoItem' (lines '33'-'50').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/processor/BBBProcLoadPriceInfoObjects.java:33:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'itemShipTaxMapRepoItem' (lines '33'-'65').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/processor/BBBProcLoadPriceInfoObjects.java:34:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'shippingGroupIds' (lines '34'-'45').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/processor/BBBProcLoadPriceInfoObjects.java:34:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'shippingGroupIds' (lines '34'-'65').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/processor/BBBProcLoadPriceInfoObjects.java:35:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'commerceItemIds' (lines '35'-'51').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/processor/BBBProcLoadPriceInfoObjects.java:35:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'commerceItemIds' (lines '35'-'65').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/processor/BBBProcLoadPriceInfoObjects.java:36:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'itemTaxPriceInfo' (lines '36'-'53').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/processor/BBBProcLoadPriceInfoObjects.java:36:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'itemTaxPriceInfo' (lines '36'-'65').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/processor/BBBProcLoadPriceInfoObjects.java:37:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shipTaxPriceInfoRepItem
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/processor/BBBProcLoadPriceInfoObjects.java:37:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'shipTaxPriceInfoRepItem' (lines '37'-'48').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/processor/BBBProcLoadPriceInfoObjects.java:37:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'shipTaxPriceInfoRepItem' (lines '37'-'65').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/processor/BBBProcLoadPriceInfoObjects.java:38:	Avoid excessively long variable names like itemShipTaxPriceInfoRepItem
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/processor/BBBProcLoadPriceInfoObjects.java:38:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'itemShipTaxPriceInfoRepItem' (lines '38'-'54').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/processor/BBBProcLoadPriceInfoObjects.java:38:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'itemShipTaxPriceInfoRepItem' (lines '38'-'65').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/processor/BBBProcLoadPriceInfoObjects.java:46:	Local variable 'shippingId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/processor/BBBProcLoadPriceInfoObjects.java:47:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/processor/BBBProcLoadPriceInfoObjects.java:47:	Local variable 'itemShipTaxMap' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/processor/BBBProcLoadPriceInfoObjects.java:49:	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/processor/BBBProcLoadPriceInfoObjects.java:52:	Local variable 'commerceItemId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/processor/BBBProcLoadPriceInfoObjects.java:53:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/processor/BBBProcLoadPriceInfoObjects.java:53:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'itemTaxPriceInfo' (lines '53'-'55').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/processor/BBBProcLoadPriceInfoObjects.java:59:	Local variable 'shipTaxPriceInfo' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/processor/BBBProcLoadPriceInfoObjects.java:67:	Parameter 'tpi' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/processor/BBBProcLoadPriceInfoObjects.java:67:	Parameter 'tpiRepoItem' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/processor/BBBProcLoadPriceInfoObjects.java:96:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shippingItemsTaxPriceInfosPropertyName
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/processor/BBBProcLoadPriceInfoObjects.java:96:	Parameter 'shippingItemsTaxPriceInfosPropertyName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/processor/BBBProcSavePriceInfoObjects.java:29:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shippingItemsTaxPriceInfosPropertyName
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/processor/BBBProcSavePriceInfoObjects.java:31:	Avoid variables with short names like ci
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/processor/BBBProcSavePriceInfoObjects.java:31:	Parameter 'ci' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/processor/BBBProcSavePriceInfoObjects.java:31:	Parameter 'mutRep' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/processor/BBBProcSavePriceInfoObjects.java:31:	Parameter 'order' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/processor/BBBProcSavePriceInfoObjects.java:31:	Parameter 'orderManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/processor/BBBProcSavePriceInfoObjects.java:31:	Parameter 'pPriceInfo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/processor/BBBProcSavePriceInfoObjects.java:31:	Parameter 'piRepItem' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/processor/BBBProcSavePriceInfoObjects.java:31:	Parameter 'repItemPropName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/processor/BBBProcSavePriceInfoObjects.java:34:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'tpiRepItem' (lines '34'-'35').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/processor/BBBProcSavePriceInfoObjects.java:44:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'commerceItemId' (lines '44'-'66').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/processor/BBBProcSavePriceInfoObjects.java:44:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'shippingId' (lines '44'-'57').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/processor/BBBProcSavePriceInfoObjects.java:44:	Parameter 'mutRep' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/processor/BBBProcSavePriceInfoObjects.java:44:	Parameter 'pPriceInfo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/processor/BBBProcSavePriceInfoObjects.java:44:	Parameter 'tpiRepItem' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/processor/BBBProcSavePriceInfoObjects.java:46:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'tpi' (lines '46'-'57').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/processor/BBBProcSavePriceInfoObjects.java:46:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'tpi' (lines '46'-'76').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/processor/BBBProcSavePriceInfoObjects.java:47:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'itemTaxPriceInfo' (lines '47'-'66').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/processor/BBBProcSavePriceInfoObjects.java:47:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'itemTaxPriceInfo' (lines '47'-'76').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/processor/BBBProcSavePriceInfoObjects.java:48:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'itemShipTaxMap' (lines '48'-'58').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/processor/BBBProcSavePriceInfoObjects.java:48:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'itemShipTaxMap' (lines '48'-'76').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/processor/BBBProcSavePriceInfoObjects.java:49:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'commerceItemIds' (lines '49'-'63').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/processor/BBBProcSavePriceInfoObjects.java:49:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'commerceItemIds' (lines '49'-'76').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/processor/BBBProcSavePriceInfoObjects.java:50:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shipTaxPriceInfoRepItem
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/processor/BBBProcSavePriceInfoObjects.java:50:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'shipTaxPriceInfoRepItem' (lines '50'-'60').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/processor/BBBProcSavePriceInfoObjects.java:50:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'shipTaxPriceInfoRepItem' (lines '50'-'76').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/processor/BBBProcSavePriceInfoObjects.java:51:	Avoid excessively long variable names like itemTaxPriceInfoRepItem
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/processor/BBBProcSavePriceInfoObjects.java:51:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'itemTaxPriceInfoRepItem' (lines '51'-'65').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/processor/BBBProcSavePriceInfoObjects.java:51:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'itemTaxPriceInfoRepItem' (lines '51'-'76').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/processor/BBBProcSavePriceInfoObjects.java:53:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'shipTaxMapRepItem' (lines '53'-'76').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/processor/BBBProcSavePriceInfoObjects.java:53:	Local variable 'shipTaxMapRepItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/processor/BBBProcSavePriceInfoObjects.java:54:	Local variable 'shipTaxMap' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/processor/BBBProcSavePriceInfoObjects.java:55:	Local variable 'shippingGroupIds' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/processor/BBBProcSavePriceInfoObjects.java:56:	Local variable 'shippingId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/processor/BBBProcSavePriceInfoObjects.java:58:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'itemShipTaxMap' (lines '58'-'58').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/processor/BBBProcSavePriceInfoObjects.java:58:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'itemShipTaxMap' (lines '58'-'76').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/processor/BBBProcSavePriceInfoObjects.java:62:	Avoid excessively long variable names like itemShipTaxMapRepItem
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/processor/BBBProcSavePriceInfoObjects.java:62:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/processor/BBBProcSavePriceInfoObjects.java:62:	Local variable 'itemShipTaxMapRepItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/processor/BBBProcSavePriceInfoObjects.java:64:	Local variable 'commerceItemId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/processor/BBBProcSavePriceInfoObjects.java:65:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'itemTaxPriceInfoRepItem' (lines '65'-'67').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/processor/BBBProcSavePriceInfoObjects.java:78:	Parameter 'tpi' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/processor/BBBProcSavePriceInfoObjects.java:79:	Parameter 'tpiRepItem' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/processor/BBBProcSavePriceInfoObjects.java:108:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shippingItemsTaxPriceInfosPropertyName
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/processor/BBBProcSavePriceInfoObjects.java:108:	Parameter 'shippingItemsTaxPriceInfosPropertyName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:1:	A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:1:	High amount of different objects as members denotes a high coupling
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:1:	This class has a bunch of public methods and attributes
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:99:	Avoid really long classes.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:99:	The class 'BBBCartFormhandler' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 49).
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:99:	This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:99:	Too many fields
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:104:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REPOSITORY_EXCEPTION_WHILE_UPDATE_GIFTLIST_ITEMS
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:105:	Avoid excessively long variable names like INVALID_WISHLIST_ITEM_ID_RECIEVED
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:106:	Avoid excessively long variable names like NO_WISHLIST_ITEM_ID_RECIEVED
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:107:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REPOSITORY_EXCEPTION
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:108:	Avoid excessively long variable names like COMMERCE_EXCEPTION
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:109:	Avoid excessively long variable names like EXCEPTION_REMOVING_EMPTY_SHIPPING_GROUPS
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:110:	Avoid excessively long variable names like DEFAULT_COUNTRY_MISSING_FOR_SITE
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:111:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PRICE_IS_NOT_SPECIFIED_FOR_THE_SKU
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:112:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERROR_UPDATING_ORDER
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:113:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PRE_SET_ORDER_BY_COMMERCE_ID
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:116:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ITEMS_METHOD_RESTRICTIONS
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:117:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GENERIC_ERROR_TRY_LATER
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:118:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PROMOTION_ERROR_ON_APPLY
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:119:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ITEMS_STATE_RESTRICTIONS
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:121:	Avoid excessively long variable names like UPDATE_CART_DELIMETER
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:131:	Avoid excessively long variable names like INVALID_REGISTRY_ID
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:134:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_CART_MISSING_COMMERCE_ITEM
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:135:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_CART_INVALID_COMMERCE_ITEM
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:137:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERROR_INVENTORY_CHECK
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:138:	Avoid excessively long variable names like INVALID_QUANTITY_FORMAT
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:139:	Avoid excessively long variable names like COMMERCE_ITEM_NOT_FOUND
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:142:	Avoid excessively long variable names like COUPON_GENERIC_ERROR
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:143:	Avoid excessively long variable names like COUPON_BOPUS_ERROR
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:146:	Avoid excessively long variable names like COUPON_SKU_EX_ERROR
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:149:	Avoid excessively long variable names like searchStoreManager
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:150:	Avoid excessively long variable names like giftRegistryManager
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:153:	Avoid excessively long variable names like commonConfiguration
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:156:	Avoid excessively long variable names like storeInventoryContainer
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:159:	Avoid excessively long variable names like savedItemsSessionBean
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:164:	Avoid excessively long variable names like moveAllItemFailureResult
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:167:	Avoid excessively long variable names like wishListItemIdsToRemove
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:171:	Avoid excessively long variable names like itemIdJustMovedBack
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:179:	Avoid excessively long variable names like updateCartInfoSemiColonSeparated
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:194:	Field expressCheckout has the same name as a method
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:220:	Avoid excessively long variable names like itemIdJustMovedBack
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:280:	Avoid excessively long variable names like savedItemsSessionBean
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:300:	Avoid excessively long variable names like wishListItemIdsToRemove
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:370:	Avoid excessively long variable names like moveAllItemFailureResult
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:380:	Avoid excessively long variable names like updateCartInfoSemiColonSeparated
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:440:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pCommonConfiguration
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:570:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pRemoveItemFromOrder
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:622:	A getX() method which returns a boolean should be named isX()
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:627:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pIsExpressCheckout
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:637:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mStoreInventoryContainer
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:648:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:648:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'comItemObj' (lines '648'-'695').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:648:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'info' (lines '648'-'698').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:648:	The method 'handleAddItemToOrder' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 49.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:648:	The method handleAddItemToOrder() has an NCSS line count of 113
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:648:	The method handleAddItemToOrder() has an NPath complexity of 11966406
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:655:	Avoid variables with short names like tr
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:655:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'tr' (lines '655'-'657').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:657:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'tr' (lines '657'-'816').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:682:	The String literal "unchecked" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 682
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:684:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'beforeSize' (lines '684'-'686').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:705:	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:726:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'pos' (lines '726'-'816').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:730:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:733:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:747:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:840:	The method 'handleMoveAllWishListItemsToOrder' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:849:	Avoid variables with short names like tr
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:849:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'tr' (lines '849'-'852').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:852:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'tr' (lines '852'-'898').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:913:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'successCount' (lines '913'-'922').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:947:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'item' (lines '947'-'959').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:947:	The method 'populateMoveAllWishListItemsInfo' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:957:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'exception' (lines '957'-'979').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:957:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'exception' (lines '957'-'985').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:958:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:967:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:970:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'siteName' (lines '970'-'972').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:979:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'exception' (lines '979'-'985').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:1016:	The method 'preAddItemToOrder' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 15.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:1016:	The method preAddItemToOrder() has an NPath complexity of 315
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:1064:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'inventoryStatus' (lines '1,064'-'1,074').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:1064:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'inventoryStatus' (lines '1,064'-'1,079').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:1066:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'rolledUpQty' (lines '1,066'-'1,069').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:1069:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'rolledUpQty' (lines '1,069'-'1,098').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:1072:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:1074:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'inventoryStatus' (lines '1,074'-'1,089').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:1079:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'inventoryStatus' (lines '1,079'-'1,089').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:1108:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'skuDetailVO' (lines '1,108'-'1,115').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:1108:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'skuDetailVO' (lines '1,108'-'1,148').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:1112:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:1156:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'registrySummaryVO' (lines '1,156'-'1,161').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:1156:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'registrySummaryVO' (lines '1,156'-'1,199').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:1159:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:1212:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'storeVO' (lines '1,212'-'1,218').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:1212:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'storeVO' (lines '1,212'-'1,237').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:1242:	Avoid excessively long variable names like dynamohttpservletrequest
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:1243:	Avoid excessively long variable names like dynamohttpservletresponse
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:1305:	Avoid excessively long variable names like repositoryException
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:1317:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:1317:	The method 'postAddItemToOrder' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 38.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:1317:	The method postAddItemToOrder() has an NPath complexity of 214
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:1319:	Avoid excessively long variable names like savedItemsSessionBean
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:1319:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'savedItemsSessionBean' (lines '1,319'-'1,465').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:1321:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:1325:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'totalStoredQty' (lines '1,325'-'1,465').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:1357:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'totalStoredQty' (lines '1,357'-'1,465').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:1401:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:1424:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:1475:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'additemList' (lines '1,475'-'1,477').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:1497:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'item' (lines '1,497'-'1,514').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:1497:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'object' (lines '1,497'-'1,505').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:1497:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'object' (lines '1,497'-'1,535').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:1497:	The method 'preSetOrderByCommerceId' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 13.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:1501:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bbbComItemsOnly' (lines '1,501'-'1,506').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:1506:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bbbComItemsOnly' (lines '1,506'-'1,506').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:1525:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:1580:	The method 'validateCommerceItem' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:1585:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'inventoryStatus' (lines '1,585'-'1,601').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:1586:	Avoid excessively long variable names like earlierFetchedStatus
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:1586:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'earlierFetchedStatus' (lines '1,586'-'1,598').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:1587:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'rolledUpQty' (lines '1,587'-'1,589').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:1594:	Avoid excessively long variable names like tempAvailabilityMap
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:1601:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'inventoryStatus' (lines '1,601'-'1,616').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:1656:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'maxQtyLong' (lines '1,656'-'1,660').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:1788:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'successURL' (lines '1,788'-'1,791').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:1799:	Avoid using implementation types like 'HashMap'; use the interface instead
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:1799:	Avoid using implementation types like 'HashMap'; use the interface instead
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:1819:	The method 'handleExpCheckout' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 14.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:1823:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'contextPath' (lines '1,823'-'1,895').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:1824:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'failureURL' (lines '1,824'-'1,827').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:1824:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'failureURL' (lines '1,824'-'1,895').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:1827:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'failureURL' (lines '1,827'-'1,895').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:1835:	Avoid variables with short names like tr
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:1835:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'tr' (lines '1,835'-'1,838').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:1838:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'tr' (lines '1,838'-'1,895').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:1957:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'shippingAddress' (lines '1,957'-'1,960').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:1958:	Avoid excessively long variable names like defaultShippingMethod
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:1958:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'defaultShippingMethod' (lines '1,958'-'2,006').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:1960:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'shippingAddress' (lines '1,960'-'2,006').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:2015:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'entry' (lines '2,015'-'2,031').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:2058:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bbbCommerceItem' (lines '2,058'-'2,060').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:2064:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:2111:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:2111:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'commerceItem' (lines '2,111'-'2,162').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:2111:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'element' (lines '2,111'-'2,133').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:2111:	The method 'handleApplyCoupons' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 28.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:2111:	The method handleApplyCoupons() has an NPath complexity of 20205
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:2114:	Avoid variables with short names like tr
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:2114:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'tr' (lines '2,114'-'2,124').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:2128:	Avoid excessively long variable names like availablePromotions
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:2143:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'couponCode' (lines '2,143'-'2,149').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:2146:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'couponError' (lines '2,146'-'2,203').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:2147:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'couponErrorText' (lines '2,147'-'2,174').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:2151:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:2159:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:2159:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'couponFiltervo' (lines '2,159'-'2,162').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:2199:	Avoid excessively long variable names like listSelectedPromotion
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:2202:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:2249:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'redirectURL' (lines '2,249'-'2,252').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:2299:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'flag' (lines '2,299'-'2,303').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:2345:	Avoid variables with short names like tr
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:2345:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'tr' (lines '2,345'-'2,348').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:2372:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'redirectURL' (lines '2,372'-'2,375').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:2390:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'jsonObject' (lines '2,390'-'2,391').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:2393:	Avoid excessively long variable names like dynaBeanProperties
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:2406:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'item' (lines '2,406'-'2,453').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:2406:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'tempvo' (lines '2,406'-'2,413').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:2406:	The method 'populateAddItemInfo' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 19.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:2410:	Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:2422:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:2427:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:2432:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:2433:	The String literal "bts" appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 2,433
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:2491:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'propertie' (lines '2,491'-'2,497').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:2517:	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:2518:	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:2523:	Avoid variables with short names like v
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:2523:	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:2523:	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:2525:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:2544:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'removalCommerceId' (lines '2,544'-'2,565').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:2544:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'sg' (lines '2,544'-'2,565').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:2544:	The method 'deleteItems' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 12.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:2561:	Avoid excessively long variable names like removedEcoFeeItemIdsList
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:2564:	Avoid variables with short names like sg
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:2567:	Avoid excessively long variable names like onlineEcoFeeCommerceItemId
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:2573:	Avoid excessively long variable names like storeEcoFeeCommerceItemId
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:2618:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'element' (lines '2,618'-'2,637').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:2618:	The method 'addItemsFromCookie' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:2626:	Avoid variables with short names like tr
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:2626:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'tr' (lines '2,626'-'2,629').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:2629:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'tr' (lines '2,629'-'2,678').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:2633:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'orderModified' (lines '2,633'-'2,651').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:2633:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'orderModified' (lines '2,633'-'2,678').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:2651:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'orderModified' (lines '2,651'-'2,651').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:2651:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'orderModified' (lines '2,651'-'2,678').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:2677:	Avoid unnecessary return statements
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:2706:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'item' (lines '2,706'-'2,713').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:2761:	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:2761:	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:2763:	Use ArrayList instead of Vector
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:2782:	StringBuffer constructor is initialized with size 16, but has at least 784 characters appended.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCartFormhandler.java:2813:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCheckProfileAddressDroplet.java:42:	Avoid excessively long variable names like allShippingAddresses
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCheckProfileAddressDroplet.java:46:	Avoid excessively long variable names like profileShippingAddresses
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCheckProfileAddressDroplet.java:58:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0) with calls to isEmpty()
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCommerceItemShippingInfoTools.java:30:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pCommerceItemShippingInfoContainer
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCommerceItemShippingInfoTools.java:30:	Parameter 'pCommerceItemShippingInfoContainer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCommerceItemShippingInfoTools.java:31:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pCommerceItemShippingInfo
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCommerceItemShippingInfoTools.java:31:	Parameter 'pCommerceItemShippingInfo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCommerceItemShippingInfoTools.java:32:	Parameter 'pSplitQuantity' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCommerceItemShippingInfoTools.java:58:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pCommerceItemShippingInfo
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCommerceItemShippingInfoTools.java:58:	Parameter 'pCommerceItemShippingInfo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCommerceItemShippingInfoTools.java:58:	Parameter 'pOrder' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCommerceItemShippingInfoTools.java:59:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pShippingGroupMapContainer
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBCommerceItemShippingInfoTools.java:59:	Parameter 'pShippingGroupMapContainer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBListStatesDroplet.java:26:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SHOW_MILITARY_STATES
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBListStatesDroplet.java:34:	Parameter 'pCheckoutMgr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBListStatesDroplet.java:44:	Parameter 'req' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBListStatesDroplet.java:45:	Parameter 'res' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBListStatesDroplet.java:48:	Local variable 'siteId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBListStatesDroplet.java:49:	Avoid excessively long variable names like showMilitaryStates
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBListStatesDroplet.java:49:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'showMilitaryStates' (lines '49'-'52').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBListStatesDroplet.java:54:	Local variable 'stateList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBMultiShippingAddressDroplet.java:40:	The class 'BBBMultiShippingAddressDroplet' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 7 (Highest = 23).
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBMultiShippingAddressDroplet.java:46:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mShippingGroupMapContainerPath
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBMultiShippingAddressDroplet.java:53:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pShippingGroupMapContainerPath
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBMultiShippingAddressDroplet.java:53:	Parameter 'pShippingGroupMapContainerPath' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBMultiShippingAddressDroplet.java:75:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'newAddKey' (lines '75'-'131').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBMultiShippingAddressDroplet.java:75:	The method 'service' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 13.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBMultiShippingAddressDroplet.java:79:	Local variable 'addressContainer' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBMultiShippingAddressDroplet.java:87:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'defaultAddId' (lines '87'-'92').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBMultiShippingAddressDroplet.java:87:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'defaultAddId' (lines '87'-'94').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBMultiShippingAddressDroplet.java:88:	Local variable 'containerService' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBMultiShippingAddressDroplet.java:91:	Avoid variables with short names like sg
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBMultiShippingAddressDroplet.java:91:	Local variable 'sg' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBMultiShippingAddressDroplet.java:92:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'defaultAddId' (lines '92'-'149').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBMultiShippingAddressDroplet.java:94:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'defaultAddId' (lines '94'-'149').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBMultiShippingAddressDroplet.java:100:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'addressMap' (lines '100'-'105').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBMultiShippingAddressDroplet.java:101:	Local variable 'addressKeys' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBMultiShippingAddressDroplet.java:102:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'errorMsg' (lines '102'-'113').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBMultiShippingAddressDroplet.java:113:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'errorMsg' (lines '113'-'116').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBMultiShippingAddressDroplet.java:116:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'errorMsg' (lines '116'-'119').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBMultiShippingAddressDroplet.java:122:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBMultiShippingAddressDroplet.java:128:	Local variable 'newAddressMap' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBMultiShippingAddressDroplet.java:129:	Local variable 'newAddressKeys' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBMultiShippingAddressDroplet.java:130:	Local variable 'newAddKey' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBMultiShippingAddressDroplet.java:162:	The method 'addAddressToMap' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 23.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBMultiShippingAddressDroplet.java:162:	The method addAddressToMap() has an NPath complexity of 6400
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBMultiShippingAddressDroplet.java:163:	Parameter 'addressKeys' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBMultiShippingAddressDroplet.java:168:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'addressMap' (lines '168'-'246').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBMultiShippingAddressDroplet.java:168:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'addressMap' (lines '168'-'246').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBMultiShippingAddressDroplet.java:170:	Avoid excessively long variable names like profileShippingAddresses
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBMultiShippingAddressDroplet.java:170:	Local variable 'profileShippingAddresses' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBMultiShippingAddressDroplet.java:179:	Parameter 'obj1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBMultiShippingAddressDroplet.java:179:	Parameter 'obj2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBMultiShippingAddressDroplet.java:180:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'returnValue' (lines '180'-'183').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBMultiShippingAddressDroplet.java:180:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'returnValue' (lines '180'-'183').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBMultiShippingAddressDroplet.java:180:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'returnValue' (lines '180'-'185').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBMultiShippingAddressDroplet.java:180:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'returnValue' (lines '180'-'185').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBMultiShippingAddressDroplet.java:194:	Avoid variables with short names like sg
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBMultiShippingAddressDroplet.java:194:	Local variable 'sg' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBMultiShippingAddressDroplet.java:199:	Local variable 'sgId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBMultiShippingAddressDroplet.java:219:	Avoid excessively long variable names like defaultProfileAddress
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBMultiShippingAddressDroplet.java:219:	Local variable 'defaultProfileAddress' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBMultiShippingAddressDroplet.java:221:	Avoid excessively long variable names like defaultProfileIndex
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBMultiShippingAddressDroplet.java:221:	Local variable 'defaultProfileIndex' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBMultiShippingAddressDroplet.java:229:	Local variable 'bbbAddressVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBMultiShippingAddressDroplet.java:239:	Local variable 'bbbAddress' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBMultiShippingAddressDroplet.java:249:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'key' (lines '249'-'254').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBMultiShippingAddressDroplet.java:249:	Parameter 'addressMap' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBMultiShippingAddressDroplet.java:249:	Parameter 'bbbAddress' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBMultiShippingAddressDroplet.java:250:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'duplicateFound' (lines '250'-'256').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBMultiShippingAddressDroplet.java:251:	Local variable 'addressKeySet' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBMultiShippingAddressDroplet.java:252:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'tempAddress' (lines '252'-'254').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBMultiShippingAddressDroplet.java:252:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'tempAddress' (lines '252'-'264').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBMultiShippingAddressDroplet.java:253:	Local variable 'key' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBPurchaseProcessHelper.java:1:	A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBPurchaseProcessHelper.java:75:	Avoid really long classes.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBPurchaseProcessHelper.java:75:	The class 'BBBPurchaseProcessHelper' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 5 (Highest = 26).
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBPurchaseProcessHelper.java:75:	This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBPurchaseProcessHelper.java:83:	Avoid excessively long variable names like MISS_REQ_ADDR_PROP
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBPurchaseProcessHelper.java:103:	Avoid excessively long variable names like UNCLAIMABLE_COUPON
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBPurchaseProcessHelper.java:118:	Avoid excessively long variable names like giftRegistryManager
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBPurchaseProcessHelper.java:121:	Avoid excessively long variable names like addressPropertyNameMap
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBPurchaseProcessHelper.java:134:	Parameter 'inventoryManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBPurchaseProcessHelper.java:160:	Avoid excessively long variable names like giftRegistryManager
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBPurchaseProcessHelper.java:179:	Avoid variables with short names like ci
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBPurchaseProcessHelper.java:202:	The method 'addBBBProperties' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 19.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBPurchaseProcessHelper.java:202:	The method addBBBProperties() has an NPath complexity of 2169
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBPurchaseProcessHelper.java:206:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'skuDetailVO' (lines '206'-'249').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBPurchaseProcessHelper.java:206:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'skuDetailVO' (lines '206'-'264').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBPurchaseProcessHelper.java:206:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'skuDetailVO' (lines '206'-'286').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBPurchaseProcessHelper.java:207:	The String literal "unchecked" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 207
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBPurchaseProcessHelper.java:209:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'registrySummaryVO' (lines '209'-'215').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBPurchaseProcessHelper.java:209:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'registrySummaryVO' (lines '209'-'286').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBPurchaseProcessHelper.java:210:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'tempItem' (lines '210'-'286').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBPurchaseProcessHelper.java:213:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'bbbOrder' (lines '213'-'286').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBPurchaseProcessHelper.java:217:	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBPurchaseProcessHelper.java:219:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'registrySummaryVO' (lines '219'-'286').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBPurchaseProcessHelper.java:226:	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBPurchaseProcessHelper.java:240:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBPurchaseProcessHelper.java:294:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBPurchaseProcessHelper.java:296:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBPurchaseProcessHelper.java:307:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'shippingMethodVO' (lines '307'-'312').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBPurchaseProcessHelper.java:309:	Avoid excessively long variable names like tempShippingMethod
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBPurchaseProcessHelper.java:309:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'tempShippingMethod' (lines '309'-'312').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBPurchaseProcessHelper.java:309:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'tempShippingMethod' (lines '309'-'319').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBPurchaseProcessHelper.java:310:	Avoid excessively long variable names like freeShipMethodsBuilder
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBPurchaseProcessHelper.java:313:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBPurchaseProcessHelper.java:341:	The method 'checkInventory' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBPurchaseProcessHelper.java:343:	Avoid excessively long variable names like earlierFetchedStatus
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBPurchaseProcessHelper.java:343:	Avoid excessively long variable names like storeInventoryContainer
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBPurchaseProcessHelper.java:346:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'inventoryStatus' (lines '346'-'412').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBPurchaseProcessHelper.java:347:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'skuDetailVO' (lines '347'-'352').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBPurchaseProcessHelper.java:347:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'skuDetailVO' (lines '347'-'412').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBPurchaseProcessHelper.java:350:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBPurchaseProcessHelper.java:352:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'skuDetailVO' (lines '352'-'412').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBPurchaseProcessHelper.java:370:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBPurchaseProcessHelper.java:423:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'commerceItem' (lines '423'-'433').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBPurchaseProcessHelper.java:424:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'finalQty' (lines '424'-'433').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBPurchaseProcessHelper.java:424:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'finalQty' (lines '424'-'436').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBPurchaseProcessHelper.java:424:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'finalQty' (lines '424'-'438').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBPurchaseProcessHelper.java:426:	Avoid excessively long variable names like existsItemsForSameSKU
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBPurchaseProcessHelper.java:429:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBPurchaseProcessHelper.java:457:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'commerceItem' (lines '457'-'468').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBPurchaseProcessHelper.java:458:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'finalQty' (lines '458'-'470').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBPurchaseProcessHelper.java:458:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'finalQty' (lines '458'-'472').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBPurchaseProcessHelper.java:458:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'finalQty' (lines '458'-'476').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBPurchaseProcessHelper.java:458:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'finalQty' (lines '458'-'478').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBPurchaseProcessHelper.java:460:	Avoid excessively long variable names like existsItemsForSameSKU
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBPurchaseProcessHelper.java:463:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBPurchaseProcessHelper.java:466:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bbbItem' (lines '466'-'468').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBPurchaseProcessHelper.java:466:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'bbbItem' (lines '466'-'485').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBPurchaseProcessHelper.java:556:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'bbbSGManager' (lines '556'-'596').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBPurchaseProcessHelper.java:557:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'mShippingGroup' (lines '557'-'564').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBPurchaseProcessHelper.java:557:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'mShippingGroup' (lines '557'-'577').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBPurchaseProcessHelper.java:557:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'mShippingGroup' (lines '557'-'579').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBPurchaseProcessHelper.java:557:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'mShippingGroup' (lines '557'-'596').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBPurchaseProcessHelper.java:559:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBPurchaseProcessHelper.java:563:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBPurchaseProcessHelper.java:576:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBPurchaseProcessHelper.java:603:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'pRemItemId' (lines '603'-'614').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBPurchaseProcessHelper.java:603:	The method 'deleteItems' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 13.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBPurchaseProcessHelper.java:632:	Avoid variables with short names like td
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBPurchaseProcessHelper.java:633:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'rollback' (lines '633'-'669').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBPurchaseProcessHelper.java:638:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'shpGrpManager' (lines '638'-'687').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBPurchaseProcessHelper.java:644:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBPurchaseProcessHelper.java:658:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBPurchaseProcessHelper.java:669:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'rollback' (lines '669'-'687').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBPurchaseProcessHelper.java:703:	The method 'manageAddOrRemoveGiftWrapToShippingGroup' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 12.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBPurchaseProcessHelper.java:705:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mBBBShippingInfoBean
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBPurchaseProcessHelper.java:725:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBPurchaseProcessHelper.java:732:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'changedFlag' (lines '732'-'750').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBPurchaseProcessHelper.java:732:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'changedFlag' (lines '732'-'757').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBPurchaseProcessHelper.java:732:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'changedFlag' (lines '732'-'775').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBPurchaseProcessHelper.java:750:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'changedFlag' (lines '750'-'775').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBPurchaseProcessHelper.java:757:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'changedFlag' (lines '757'-'775').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBPurchaseProcessHelper.java:797:	The method 'manageAddOrRemoveGiftWrapToShippingGroup' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBPurchaseProcessHelper.java:818:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'changedFlag' (lines '818'-'836').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBPurchaseProcessHelper.java:818:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'changedFlag' (lines '818'-'843').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBPurchaseProcessHelper.java:818:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'changedFlag' (lines '818'-'861').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBPurchaseProcessHelper.java:836:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'changedFlag' (lines '836'-'861').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBPurchaseProcessHelper.java:843:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'changedFlag' (lines '843'-'861').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBPurchaseProcessHelper.java:926:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ecoFeeItem' (lines '926'-'930').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBPurchaseProcessHelper.java:960:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'commerceItemRelationship' (lines '960'-'968').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBPurchaseProcessHelper.java:964:	Avoid excessively long variable names like commerceItemRelationshipList
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBPurchaseProcessHelper.java:965:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'giftWrapItemId' (lines '965'-'970').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBPurchaseProcessHelper.java:967:	Avoid excessively long variable names like commerceItemRelationship
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBPurchaseProcessHelper.java:970:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'giftWrapItemId' (lines '970'-'970').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBPurchaseProcessHelper.java:991:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pAddressPropertyNameMap
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBPurchaseProcessHelper.java:1010:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pRequiredAddressPropertyNames
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBPurchaseProcessHelper.java:1099:	The method 'checkForRequiredAddressProperties' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 26.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBPurchaseProcessHelper.java:1099:	The method checkForRequiredAddressProperties() has an NPath complexity of 165889
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBPurchaseProcessHelper.java:1164:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBPurchaseProcessHelper.java:1244:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBPurchaseProcessHelper.java:1293:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'paymentGroup' (lines '1,293'-'1,300').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBPurchaseProcessHelper.java:1320:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'commerceItemRelationship' (lines '1,320'-'1,335').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBPurchaseProcessHelper.java:1320:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'object' (lines '1,320'-'1,328').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBPurchaseProcessHelper.java:1320:	The method 'removeGiftWrapCommerceItemRelationShip' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBPurchaseProcessHelper.java:1326:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'shipGroup' (lines '1,326'-'1,326').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBPurchaseProcessHelper.java:1326:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'shipGroup' (lines '1,326'-'1,329').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBPurchaseProcessHelper.java:1326:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'shipGroup' (lines '1,326'-'1,389').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBPurchaseProcessHelper.java:1331:	Avoid excessively long variable names like commerceItemRelationshipList
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBPurchaseProcessHelper.java:1333:	Avoid excessively long variable names like commerceItemRelationship
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBPurchaseProcessHelper.java:1352:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'rollback' (lines '1,352'-'1,369').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBPurchaseProcessHelper.java:1358:	Local variable 'count' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBPurchaseProcessHelper.java:1369:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'rollback' (lines '1,369'-'1,389').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBPurchaseProcessHelper.java:1401:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'flag' (lines '1,401'-'1,421').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBPurchaseProcessHelper.java:1401:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'flag' (lines '1,401'-'1,433').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBPurchaseProcessHelper.java:1403:	Avoid excessively long variable names like siteSpecificConfigKey
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBPurchaseProcessHelper.java:1419:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0) with calls to isEmpty()
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBPurchaseProcessHelper.java:1420:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBPurchaseProcessHelper.java:1460:	StringBuffer constructor is initialized with size 16, but has at least 184 characters appended.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBPurchaseProcessHelper.java:1469:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBShippingAddressDroplet.java:1:	A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBShippingAddressDroplet.java:19:	Avoid unused imports such as 'atg.servlet.ServletUtil'
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBShippingAddressDroplet.java:19:	Avoid unused imports such as 'atg.servlet.ServletUtil'
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBShippingAddressDroplet.java:22:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.commerce.catalog.BBBCatalogConstants'
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBShippingAddressDroplet.java:22:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.commerce.catalog.BBBCatalogConstants'
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBShippingAddressDroplet.java:24:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.commerce.catalog.BBBCatalogToolsImpl'
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBShippingAddressDroplet.java:24:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.commerce.catalog.BBBCatalogToolsImpl'
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBShippingAddressDroplet.java:25:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.commerce.catalog.vo.GiftWrapVO'
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBShippingAddressDroplet.java:25:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.commerce.catalog.vo.GiftWrapVO'
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBShippingAddressDroplet.java:44:	The class 'BBBShippingAddressDroplet' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 5 (Highest = 21).
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBShippingAddressDroplet.java:50:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REGISTRIES_ADDRESSES
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBShippingAddressDroplet.java:75:	Parameter 'pCatalogTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBShippingAddressDroplet.java:85:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBShippingAddressDroplet.java:85:	The method 'service' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 21.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBShippingAddressDroplet.java:85:	The method service() has an NPath complexity of 23328
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBShippingAddressDroplet.java:91:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'collegeIdValue' (lines '91'-'96').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBShippingAddressDroplet.java:99:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'shippingGroup' (lines '99'-'104').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBShippingAddressDroplet.java:102:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shippingGroupAddress
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBShippingAddressDroplet.java:102:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'shippingGroupAddress' (lines '102'-'107').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBShippingAddressDroplet.java:103:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'addressSelected' (lines '103'-'106').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBShippingAddressDroplet.java:106:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'addressSelected' (lines '106'-'130').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBShippingAddressDroplet.java:106:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'addressSelected' (lines '106'-'145').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBShippingAddressDroplet.java:126:	Avoid excessively long variable names like allRegistryAddresses
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBShippingAddressDroplet.java:130:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'addressSelected' (lines '130'-'145').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBShippingAddressDroplet.java:130:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'addressSelected' (lines '130'-'154').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBShippingAddressDroplet.java:137:	Avoid excessively long variable names like allShippingAddresses
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBShippingAddressDroplet.java:141:	Avoid excessively long variable names like profileShippingAddresses
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBShippingAddressDroplet.java:145:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'addressSelected' (lines '145'-'154').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBShippingAddressDroplet.java:157:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0) with calls to isEmpty()
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBShippingAddressDroplet.java:160:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'addressSelected' (lines '160'-'190').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBShippingAddressDroplet.java:169:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shippinggroupAddresses
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBShippingAddressDroplet.java:173:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBShippingAddressDroplet.java:179:	Local variable 'beddingShipAddrVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBShippingAddressDroplet.java:181:	Local variable 'dateformat' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBShippingAddressDroplet.java:182:	Local variable 'date' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBShippingAddressDroplet.java:183:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'currentDate' (lines '183'-'202').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBShippingAddressDroplet.java:183:	Local variable 'currentDate' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBShippingAddressDroplet.java:185:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'flagBeddingShip' (lines '185'-'187').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBShippingAddressDroplet.java:205:	Avoid unused method parameters such as 'res'.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBShippingAddressDroplet.java:205:	Parameter 'profile' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBShippingAddressDroplet.java:205:	Parameter 'siteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBShippingAddressDroplet.java:212:	Avoid excessively long variable names like defaultShippingAddress
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBShippingAddressDroplet.java:212:	Local variable 'defaultShippingAddress' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBShippingAddressDroplet.java:213:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBShippingAddressDroplet.java:219:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBShippingAddressDroplet.java:220:	Avoid excessively long variable names like defaultBillingAddress
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBShippingAddressDroplet.java:220:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'defaultBillingAddress' (lines '220'-'236').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBShippingAddressDroplet.java:220:	Local variable 'defaultBillingAddress' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBShippingAddressDroplet.java:221:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBShippingAddressDroplet.java:227:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBShippingAddressDroplet.java:239:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shippinggroupAddresses
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBShippingAddressDroplet.java:239:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'bbbAddress' (lines '239'-'242').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBShippingAddressDroplet.java:241:	Local variable 'bbbAddress' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBShippingAddressDroplet.java:252:	Avoid excessively long variable names like allRegistryAddresses
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBShippingAddressDroplet.java:253:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shippinggroupAddresses
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBShippingAddressDroplet.java:283:	Avoid excessively long variable names like hardgoodShippingGroups
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBShippingAddressDroplet.java:287:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0) with calls to isEmpty()
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBShippingAddressDroplet.java:297:	Avoid excessively long variable names like defaultShippingAddress
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBShippingAddressDroplet.java:298:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'defaultId' (lines '298'-'304').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBShippingAddressDroplet.java:313:	Avoid excessively long variable names like nonShippinggroupAddresses
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBShippingAddressDroplet.java:313:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'bbbAddress' (lines '313'-'317').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBShippingAddressDroplet.java:315:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '315'-'331').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBShippingAddressDroplet.java:316:	Local variable 'bbbAddress' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBShippingAddressDroplet.java:331:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '331'-'331').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBShippingAddressDroplet.java:356:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'returnValue' (lines '356'-'360').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBShippingAddressDroplet.java:356:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'returnValue' (lines '356'-'360').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBShippingAddressDroplet.java:356:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'returnValue' (lines '356'-'362').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBShippingAddressDroplet.java:356:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'returnValue' (lines '356'-'362').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBShippingAddressDroplet.java:391:	Parameter 'pOrder' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBShippingGroupContainerService.java:35:	Parameter 'pShippingGroup' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBShippingGroupContainerService.java:36:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pShippingGroupMatchers
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBShippingGroupContainerService.java:36:	Parameter 'pShippingGroupMatchers' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBShippingGroupContainerService.java:39:	Local variable 'addr' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBShippingGroupContainerService.java:40:	No need to check for null before an instanceof
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBShippingGroupContainerService.java:55:	Parameter 'pShippingGroup' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBShippingGroupContainerService.java:56:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pShippingGroupMatchers
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBShippingGroupContainerService.java:56:	Parameter 'pShippingGroupMatchers' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBShippingGroupContainerService.java:59:	Local variable 'addr' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/BBBShippingGroupContainerService.java:60:	No need to check for null before an instanceof
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/CheckoutProgressStates.java:20:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mCheckoutProgressLevels
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/CheckoutProgressStates.java:20:	Private field 'mCheckoutProgressLevels' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/CheckoutProgressStates.java:21:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mCheckoutSuccessURLs
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/CheckoutProgressStates.java:22:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mCheckoutFailureURLs
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/CheckoutProgressStates.java:24:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mCheckoutUnAuthSuccessURLs
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/CheckoutProgressStates.java:32:	Parameter 'pCurrentLevel' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/CheckoutProgressStates.java:42:	Local variable 'successURL' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/CheckoutProgressStates.java:43:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'successURL'
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/CheckoutProgressStates.java:51:	Local variable 'successURL' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/CheckoutProgressStates.java:52:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'successURL'
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/CheckoutProgressStates.java:60:	Local variable 'successURL' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/CheckoutProgressStates.java:61:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'successURL'
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/CheckoutProgressStates.java:69:	Local variable 'currentLevel' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/CheckoutProgressStates.java:83:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pCheckoutProgressLevels
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/CheckoutProgressStates.java:83:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'entryObj' (lines '83'-'93').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/CheckoutProgressStates.java:83:	Parameter 'pCheckoutProgressLevels' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/CheckoutProgressStates.java:90:	Local variable 'entryObj' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/CheckoutProgressStates.java:92:	Local variable 'entry' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/CheckoutProgressStates.java:102:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pCheckoutSuccessURLs
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/CheckoutProgressStates.java:102:	Parameter 'pCheckoutSuccessURLs' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/CheckoutProgressStates.java:110:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pCheckoutUnAuthSuccessURLs
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/CheckoutProgressStates.java:110:	Parameter 'pCheckoutUnAuthSuccessURLs' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/CheckoutProgressStates.java:118:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pCheckoutFailureURLs
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/CheckoutProgressStates.java:118:	Parameter 'pCheckoutFailureURLs' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/CheckoutProgressStates.java:122:	Parameter 'profile' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/DisplaySingleShippingDroplet.java:54:	Parameter 'req' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/DisplaySingleShippingDroplet.java:55:	Parameter 'res' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/DisplaySingleShippingDroplet.java:56:	Local variable 'order' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/DisplaySingleShippingDroplet.java:57:	Local variable 'commerceItemCount' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/DisplaySingleShippingDroplet.java:62:	Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/DisplaySingleShippingDroplet.java:95:	Parameter 'manager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/ShippingMethodDescriptionDroplet.java:66:	Avoid excessively long variable names like LBL_STORE_PICKUP_SHIP_METHOS
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/ShippingMethodDescriptionDroplet.java:68:	Avoid excessively long variable names like TXT_AS_PREVIOUSLY_SELECTED
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/ShippingMethodDescriptionDroplet.java:73:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mLblTxtTemplateManager
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/ShippingMethodDescriptionDroplet.java:76:	Parameter 'req' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/ShippingMethodDescriptionDroplet.java:77:	Parameter 'res' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/ShippingMethodDescriptionDroplet.java:82:	Local variable 'order' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/ShippingMethodDescriptionDroplet.java:84:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'description' (lines '84'-'89').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/ShippingMethodDescriptionDroplet.java:85:	Local variable 'isSingleShipping' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/ShippingMethodDescriptionDroplet.java:124:	Parameter 'req' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/ShippingMethodDescriptionDroplet.java:125:	Parameter 'order' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/ShippingMethodDescriptionDroplet.java:129:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'description' (lines '129'-'132').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/ShippingMethodDescriptionDroplet.java:129:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'description' (lines '129'-'138').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/ShippingMethodDescriptionDroplet.java:129:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'description' (lines '129'-'146').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/ShippingMethodDescriptionDroplet.java:129:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'description' (lines '129'-'150').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/ShippingMethodDescriptionDroplet.java:132:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'description' (lines '132'-'138').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/ShippingMethodDescriptionDroplet.java:132:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'description' (lines '132'-'146').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/ShippingMethodDescriptionDroplet.java:132:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'description' (lines '132'-'150').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/ShippingMethodDescriptionDroplet.java:138:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'description' (lines '138'-'146').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/ShippingMethodDescriptionDroplet.java:138:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'description' (lines '138'-'150').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/ShippingMethodDescriptionDroplet.java:144:	Local variable 'shipMethodName' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/ShippingMethodDescriptionDroplet.java:145:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/ShippingMethodDescriptionDroplet.java:175:	Parameter 'req' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/ShippingMethodDescriptionDroplet.java:176:	Parameter 'order' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/ShippingMethodDescriptionDroplet.java:180:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'description' (lines '180'-'183').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/ShippingMethodDescriptionDroplet.java:180:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'description' (lines '180'-'189').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/ShippingMethodDescriptionDroplet.java:187:	Local variable 'shipGrpObj' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/ShippingMethodDescriptionDroplet.java:209:	Parameter 'pManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/ShippingMethodDescriptionDroplet.java:218:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pLblTxtTemplateManager
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/ShippingMethodDescriptionDroplet.java:218:	Parameter 'pLblTxtTemplateManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/pipeline/ProcAddOrRemoveEcoFeeItems.java:1:	A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/pipeline/ProcAddOrRemoveEcoFeeItems.java:43:	The class 'ProcAddOrRemoveEcoFeeItems' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 15).
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/pipeline/ProcAddOrRemoveEcoFeeItems.java:56:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mPurchaseProcessHelper
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/pipeline/ProcAddOrRemoveEcoFeeItems.java:74:	Avoid excessively long variable names like repriceOrderChainId
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/pipeline/ProcAddOrRemoveEcoFeeItems.java:93:	Parameter 'params' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/pipeline/ProcAddOrRemoveEcoFeeItems.java:93:	Parameter 'pipelineResult' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/pipeline/ProcAddOrRemoveEcoFeeItems.java:100:	Local variable 'requestInputMap' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/pipeline/ProcAddOrRemoveEcoFeeItems.java:102:	Local variable 'order' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/pipeline/ProcAddOrRemoveEcoFeeItems.java:106:	Local variable 'repriceOrder' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/pipeline/ProcAddOrRemoveEcoFeeItems.java:116:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'commerceItemRelationship' (lines '116'-'153').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/pipeline/ProcAddOrRemoveEcoFeeItems.java:116:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'pShippingGroup' (lines '116'-'123').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/pipeline/ProcAddOrRemoveEcoFeeItems.java:116:	Parameter 'pOrder' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/pipeline/ProcAddOrRemoveEcoFeeItems.java:116:	The method 'addOrUpdateEcoFeeItems' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 15.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/pipeline/ProcAddOrRemoveEcoFeeItems.java:118:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'repriceOrder' (lines '118'-'132').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/pipeline/ProcAddOrRemoveEcoFeeItems.java:119:	Local variable 'shippingGroups' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/pipeline/ProcAddOrRemoveEcoFeeItems.java:121:	Local variable 'pShippingGroup' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/pipeline/ProcAddOrRemoveEcoFeeItems.java:126:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ecoFeeSkuVO' (lines '126'-'156').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/pipeline/ProcAddOrRemoveEcoFeeItems.java:126:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'ecoFeeSkuVO' (lines '126'-'188').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/pipeline/ProcAddOrRemoveEcoFeeItems.java:127:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ecoFeeItemId' (lines '127'-'158').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/pipeline/ProcAddOrRemoveEcoFeeItems.java:127:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ecoFeeItemId' (lines '127'-'178').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/pipeline/ProcAddOrRemoveEcoFeeItems.java:127:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'ecoFeeItemId' (lines '127'-'188').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/pipeline/ProcAddOrRemoveEcoFeeItems.java:128:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'stateId' (lines '128'-'136').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/pipeline/ProcAddOrRemoveEcoFeeItems.java:129:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/pipeline/ProcAddOrRemoveEcoFeeItems.java:129:	Local variable 'ciRels' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/pipeline/ProcAddOrRemoveEcoFeeItems.java:132:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'repriceOrder' (lines '132'-'146').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/pipeline/ProcAddOrRemoveEcoFeeItems.java:132:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'repriceOrder' (lines '132'-'161').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/pipeline/ProcAddOrRemoveEcoFeeItems.java:132:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'repriceOrder' (lines '132'-'167').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/pipeline/ProcAddOrRemoveEcoFeeItems.java:132:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'repriceOrder' (lines '132'-'172').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/pipeline/ProcAddOrRemoveEcoFeeItems.java:132:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'repriceOrder' (lines '132'-'180').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/pipeline/ProcAddOrRemoveEcoFeeItems.java:143:	Local variable 'removeAllEcoFee' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/pipeline/ProcAddOrRemoveEcoFeeItems.java:146:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'repriceOrder' (lines '146'-'161').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/pipeline/ProcAddOrRemoveEcoFeeItems.java:146:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'repriceOrder' (lines '146'-'167').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/pipeline/ProcAddOrRemoveEcoFeeItems.java:146:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'repriceOrder' (lines '146'-'172').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/pipeline/ProcAddOrRemoveEcoFeeItems.java:146:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'repriceOrder' (lines '146'-'180').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/pipeline/ProcAddOrRemoveEcoFeeItems.java:151:	Avoid excessively long variable names like commerceItemRelationship
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/pipeline/ProcAddOrRemoveEcoFeeItems.java:151:	Local variable 'commerceItemRelationship' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/pipeline/ProcAddOrRemoveEcoFeeItems.java:153:	Local variable 'commerceItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/pipeline/ProcAddOrRemoveEcoFeeItems.java:161:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'repriceOrder' (lines '161'-'132').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/pipeline/ProcAddOrRemoveEcoFeeItems.java:161:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'repriceOrder' (lines '161'-'161').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/pipeline/ProcAddOrRemoveEcoFeeItems.java:161:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'repriceOrder' (lines '161'-'167').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/pipeline/ProcAddOrRemoveEcoFeeItems.java:161:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'repriceOrder' (lines '161'-'172').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/pipeline/ProcAddOrRemoveEcoFeeItems.java:161:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'repriceOrder' (lines '161'-'180').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/pipeline/ProcAddOrRemoveEcoFeeItems.java:163:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'onlineEcoFeeItem' (lines '163'-'165').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/pipeline/ProcAddOrRemoveEcoFeeItems.java:167:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'repriceOrder' (lines '167'-'172').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/pipeline/ProcAddOrRemoveEcoFeeItems.java:172:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'repriceOrder' (lines '172'-'161').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/pipeline/ProcAddOrRemoveEcoFeeItems.java:172:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'repriceOrder' (lines '172'-'167').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/pipeline/ProcAddOrRemoveEcoFeeItems.java:172:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'repriceOrder' (lines '172'-'172').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/pipeline/ProcAddOrRemoveEcoFeeItems.java:172:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'repriceOrder' (lines '172'-'180').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/pipeline/ProcAddOrRemoveEcoFeeItems.java:180:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'repriceOrder' (lines '180'-'132').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/pipeline/ProcAddOrRemoveEcoFeeItems.java:180:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'repriceOrder' (lines '180'-'161').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/pipeline/ProcAddOrRemoveEcoFeeItems.java:180:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'repriceOrder' (lines '180'-'167').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/pipeline/ProcAddOrRemoveEcoFeeItems.java:180:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'repriceOrder' (lines '180'-'172').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/pipeline/ProcAddOrRemoveEcoFeeItems.java:180:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'repriceOrder' (lines '180'-'180').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/pipeline/ProcAddOrRemoveEcoFeeItems.java:191:	Parameter 'stateId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/pipeline/ProcAddOrRemoveEcoFeeItems.java:192:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'removeAllEcoFee' (lines '192'-'196').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/pipeline/ProcAddOrRemoveEcoFeeItems.java:192:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'removeAllEcoFee' (lines '192'-'202').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/pipeline/ProcAddOrRemoveEcoFeeItems.java:196:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'removeAllEcoFee' (lines '196'-'202').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/pipeline/ProcAddOrRemoveEcoFeeItems.java:202:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'removeAllEcoFee' (lines '202'-'207').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/pipeline/ProcAddOrRemoveEcoFeeItems.java:213:	Parameter 'pShippingGroup' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/pipeline/ProcAddOrRemoveEcoFeeItems.java:214:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'stateId' (lines '214'-'216').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/pipeline/ProcAddOrRemoveEcoFeeItems.java:214:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'stateId' (lines '214'-'218').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/pipeline/ProcAddOrRemoveEcoFeeItems.java:224:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'ciRel' (lines '224'-'236').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/pipeline/ProcAddOrRemoveEcoFeeItems.java:224:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'commerceItemId' (lines '224'-'236').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/pipeline/ProcAddOrRemoveEcoFeeItems.java:224:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'commerceItemId' (lines '224'-'241').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/pipeline/ProcAddOrRemoveEcoFeeItems.java:224:	Parameter 'ciRels' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/pipeline/ProcAddOrRemoveEcoFeeItems.java:224:	Parameter 'pOrder' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/pipeline/ProcAddOrRemoveEcoFeeItems.java:224:	Parameter 'pShippingGroup' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/pipeline/ProcAddOrRemoveEcoFeeItems.java:226:	Local variable 'ecoFeemap' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/pipeline/ProcAddOrRemoveEcoFeeItems.java:228:	Local variable 'commerceItemIds' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/pipeline/ProcAddOrRemoveEcoFeeItems.java:230:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'repriceOrder' (lines '230'-'241').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/pipeline/ProcAddOrRemoveEcoFeeItems.java:232:	Local variable 'commerceItemId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/pipeline/ProcAddOrRemoveEcoFeeItems.java:234:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'matchFound' (lines '234'-'237').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/pipeline/ProcAddOrRemoveEcoFeeItems.java:235:	Local variable 'ciRel' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/pipeline/ProcAddOrRemoveEcoFeeItems.java:237:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'matchFound' (lines '237'-'237').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/pipeline/ProcAddOrRemoveEcoFeeItems.java:241:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'repriceOrder' (lines '241'-'241').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/pipeline/ProcAddOrRemoveEcoFeeItems.java:251:	Parameter 'order' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/pipeline/ProcAddOrRemoveEcoFeeItems.java:253:	Local variable 'paramsReprice' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/pipeline/ProcAddOrRemoveEcoFeeItems.java:258:	Local variable 'profileForOrder' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/pipeline/ProcAddOrRemoveEcoFeeItems.java:265:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'ciRelation' (lines '265'-'269').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/pipeline/ProcAddOrRemoveEcoFeeItems.java:266:	Parameter 'ciRels' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/pipeline/ProcAddOrRemoveEcoFeeItems.java:266:	Parameter 'pShippingGroup' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/pipeline/ProcAddOrRemoveEcoFeeItems.java:268:	Local variable 'ciRelation' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/pipeline/ProcAddOrRemoveEcoFeeItems.java:275:	Parameter 'ecoFeeItemId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/pipeline/ProcAddOrRemoveEcoFeeItems.java:275:	Parameter 'pOrder' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/pipeline/ProcAddOrRemoveEcoFeeItems.java:275:	Parameter 'pShippingGroup' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/pipeline/ProcAddOrRemoveEcoFeeItems.java:276:	Parameter 'ciRels' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/pipeline/ProcAddOrRemoveEcoFeeItems.java:276:	Parameter 'commerceItemId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/pipeline/ProcAddOrRemoveEcoFeeItems.java:296:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'ciRelation' (lines '296'-'302').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/pipeline/ProcAddOrRemoveEcoFeeItems.java:296:	Parameter 'pOrder' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/pipeline/ProcAddOrRemoveEcoFeeItems.java:296:	Parameter 'pShippingGroup' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/pipeline/ProcAddOrRemoveEcoFeeItems.java:297:	Parameter 'ciRels' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/pipeline/ProcAddOrRemoveEcoFeeItems.java:300:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'results' (lines '300'-'306').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/pipeline/ProcAddOrRemoveEcoFeeItems.java:301:	Local variable 'ciRelation' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/pipeline/ProcAddOrRemoveEcoFeeItems.java:306:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'results' (lines '306'-'306').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/pipeline/ProcAddOrRemoveEcoFeeItems.java:329:	Local variable 'retn' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/pipeline/ProcAddOrRemoveEcoFeeItems.java:330:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'retn'
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/pipeline/ProcAddOrRemoveEcoFeeItems.java:348:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pPurchaseProcessHelper
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/pipeline/ProcAddOrRemoveEcoFeeItems.java:348:	Parameter 'pPurchaseProcessHelper' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/pipeline/ProcAddOrRemoveEcoFeeItems.java:364:	Parameter 'orderManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/pipeline/ProcAddOrRemoveEcoFeeItems.java:380:	Avoid excessively long variable names like repriceOrderChainId
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/pipeline/ProcAddOrRemoveEcoFeeItems.java:380:	Parameter 'repriceOrderChainId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/pipeline/ProcAddOrRemoveEcoFeeItems.java:395:	Parameter 'userLocale' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/pipeline/ProcRemoveShippingGroupWithOnlyGiftWrapItem.java:24:	The class 'ProcRemoveShippingGroupWithOnlyGiftWrapItem' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 18).
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/pipeline/ProcRemoveShippingGroupWithOnlyGiftWrapItem.java:34:	Avoid excessively long variable names like commerceItemManager
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/pipeline/ProcRemoveShippingGroupWithOnlyGiftWrapItem.java:45:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'commerceItemRelationship' (lines '45'-'84').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/pipeline/ProcRemoveShippingGroupWithOnlyGiftWrapItem.java:45:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'shippingGroup' (lines '45'-'72').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/pipeline/ProcRemoveShippingGroupWithOnlyGiftWrapItem.java:45:	Parameter 'params' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/pipeline/ProcRemoveShippingGroupWithOnlyGiftWrapItem.java:45:	Parameter 'pipelineResult' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/pipeline/ProcRemoveShippingGroupWithOnlyGiftWrapItem.java:45:	The method 'runProcess' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 18.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/pipeline/ProcRemoveShippingGroupWithOnlyGiftWrapItem.java:45:	The method runProcess() has an NPath complexity of 302
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/pipeline/ProcRemoveShippingGroupWithOnlyGiftWrapItem.java:52:	Local variable 'requestInputMap' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/pipeline/ProcRemoveShippingGroupWithOnlyGiftWrapItem.java:54:	Local variable 'order' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/pipeline/ProcRemoveShippingGroupWithOnlyGiftWrapItem.java:56:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/pipeline/ProcRemoveShippingGroupWithOnlyGiftWrapItem.java:66:	Local variable 'map' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/pipeline/ProcRemoveShippingGroupWithOnlyGiftWrapItem.java:67:	Local variable 'shippingGroups' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/pipeline/ProcRemoveShippingGroupWithOnlyGiftWrapItem.java:69:	Local variable 'shippingGroup' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/pipeline/ProcRemoveShippingGroupWithOnlyGiftWrapItem.java:72:	Do not add empty strings
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/pipeline/ProcRemoveShippingGroupWithOnlyGiftWrapItem.java:75:	Avoid excessively long variable names like foundNonGiftWrapItem
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/pipeline/ProcRemoveShippingGroupWithOnlyGiftWrapItem.java:75:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'foundNonGiftWrapItem' (lines '75'-'93').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/pipeline/ProcRemoveShippingGroupWithOnlyGiftWrapItem.java:75:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'foundNonGiftWrapItem' (lines '75'-'123').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/pipeline/ProcRemoveShippingGroupWithOnlyGiftWrapItem.java:76:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'foundGiftWrapItem' (lines '76'-'90').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/pipeline/ProcRemoveShippingGroupWithOnlyGiftWrapItem.java:76:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'foundGiftWrapItem' (lines '76'-'123').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/pipeline/ProcRemoveShippingGroupWithOnlyGiftWrapItem.java:77:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/pipeline/ProcRemoveShippingGroupWithOnlyGiftWrapItem.java:77:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'giftWrapIdList' (lines '77'-'123').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/pipeline/ProcRemoveShippingGroupWithOnlyGiftWrapItem.java:81:	Avoid excessively long variable names like commerceItemRelationshipList
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/pipeline/ProcRemoveShippingGroupWithOnlyGiftWrapItem.java:81:	Local variable 'commerceItemRelationshipList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/pipeline/ProcRemoveShippingGroupWithOnlyGiftWrapItem.java:82:	Avoid excessively long variable names like commerceItemRelationship
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/pipeline/ProcRemoveShippingGroupWithOnlyGiftWrapItem.java:82:	Local variable 'commerceItemRelationship' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/pipeline/ProcRemoveShippingGroupWithOnlyGiftWrapItem.java:85:	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/pipeline/ProcRemoveShippingGroupWithOnlyGiftWrapItem.java:90:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'foundGiftWrapItem' (lines '90'-'90').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/pipeline/ProcRemoveShippingGroupWithOnlyGiftWrapItem.java:93:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'foundNonGiftWrapItem' (lines '93'-'93').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/pipeline/ProcRemoveShippingGroupWithOnlyGiftWrapItem.java:106:	Avoid excessively long variable names like giftWrapIdListIterator
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/pipeline/ProcRemoveShippingGroupWithOnlyGiftWrapItem.java:106:	Local variable 'giftWrapIdListIterator' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/pipeline/ProcRemoveShippingGroupWithOnlyGiftWrapItem.java:129:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'commerceItem' (lines '129'-'135').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/pipeline/ProcRemoveShippingGroupWithOnlyGiftWrapItem.java:129:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'itemId' (lines '129'-'143').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/pipeline/ProcRemoveShippingGroupWithOnlyGiftWrapItem.java:129:	Parameter 'order' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/pipeline/ProcRemoveShippingGroupWithOnlyGiftWrapItem.java:131:	Local variable 'commItemList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/pipeline/ProcRemoveShippingGroupWithOnlyGiftWrapItem.java:133:	Local variable 'removalItemIdList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/pipeline/ProcRemoveShippingGroupWithOnlyGiftWrapItem.java:134:	Local variable 'commerceItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/pipeline/ProcRemoveShippingGroupWithOnlyGiftWrapItem.java:142:	Local variable 'itemId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/pipeline/ProcRemoveShippingGroupWithOnlyGiftWrapItem.java:147:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'entry' (lines '147'-'160').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/pipeline/ProcRemoveShippingGroupWithOnlyGiftWrapItem.java:147:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'entry' (lines '147'-'163').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/pipeline/ProcRemoveShippingGroupWithOnlyGiftWrapItem.java:147:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'id' (lines '147'-'170').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/pipeline/ProcRemoveShippingGroupWithOnlyGiftWrapItem.java:147:	Parameter 'map' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/pipeline/ProcRemoveShippingGroupWithOnlyGiftWrapItem.java:147:	Parameter 'order' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/pipeline/ProcRemoveShippingGroupWithOnlyGiftWrapItem.java:147:	The method 'removeShippingGroupFromList' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/pipeline/ProcRemoveShippingGroupWithOnlyGiftWrapItem.java:157:	Local variable 'entry' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/pipeline/ProcRemoveShippingGroupWithOnlyGiftWrapItem.java:169:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/pipeline/ProcRemoveShippingGroupWithOnlyGiftWrapItem.java:169:	Local variable 'id' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/pipeline/ProcRemoveShippingGroupWithOnlyGiftWrapItem.java:196:	Avoid excessively long variable names like commerceItemManager
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/pipeline/ProcRemoveShippingGroupWithOnlyGiftWrapItem.java:196:	Parameter 'commerceItemManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/pipeline/ProcRemoveShippingGroupWithOnlyGiftWrapItem.java:206:	Local variable 'retn' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/pipeline/ProcRemoveShippingGroupWithOnlyGiftWrapItem.java:207:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'retn'
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/pipeline/ProcRemoveShippingGroupWithOnlyGiftWrapItem.java:220:	Parameter 'orderManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/pipeline/ProcRemoveShippingGroupWithOnlyGiftWrapItem.java:224:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shippingGroupManager
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/pipeline/ProcRemoveShippingGroupWithOnlyGiftWrapItem.java:237:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shippingGroupManager
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/purchase/pipeline/ProcRemoveShippingGroupWithOnlyGiftWrapItem.java:237:	Parameter 'shippingGroupManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/scheduler/BBBPurgeOrderScheduler.java:34:	The class 'BBBPurgeOrderScheduler' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 2 (Highest = 17).
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/scheduler/BBBPurgeOrderScheduler.java:44:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mTransactionManager
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/scheduler/BBBPurgeOrderScheduler.java:45:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mMaxItemsPerTransaction
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/scheduler/BBBPurgeOrderScheduler.java:62:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pMaxItemsPerTransaction
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/scheduler/BBBPurgeOrderScheduler.java:62:	Parameter 'pMaxItemsPerTransaction' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/scheduler/BBBPurgeOrderScheduler.java:78:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pTransactionManager
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/scheduler/BBBPurgeOrderScheduler.java:78:	Parameter 'pTransactionManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/scheduler/BBBPurgeOrderScheduler.java:92:	Parameter 'pJobName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/scheduler/BBBPurgeOrderScheduler.java:106:	Parameter 'pJobDescription' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/scheduler/BBBPurgeOrderScheduler.java:122:	Parameter 'pMilliSeconds' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/scheduler/BBBPurgeOrderScheduler.java:138:	Parameter 'pOrderManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/scheduler/BBBPurgeOrderScheduler.java:154:	Parameter 'pSchedule' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/scheduler/BBBPurgeOrderScheduler.java:170:	Parameter 'pScheduler' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/scheduler/BBBPurgeOrderScheduler.java:179:	Parameter 'pScheduledjob' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/scheduler/BBBPurgeOrderScheduler.java:179:	Parameter 'pScheduler' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/scheduler/BBBPurgeOrderScheduler.java:196:	The method 'processPurgeOrders' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 17.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/scheduler/BBBPurgeOrderScheduler.java:201:	Avoid variables with short names like td
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/scheduler/BBBPurgeOrderScheduler.java:203:	Local variable 'expiredOffers' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/scheduler/BBBPurgeOrderScheduler.java:236:	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/scheduler/BBBPurgeOrderScheduler.java:261:	Local variable 'orderImpl' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/scheduler/BBBPurgeOrderScheduler.java:262:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'expiredOrders' (lines '262'-'269').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/scheduler/BBBPurgeOrderScheduler.java:264:	Local variable 'orderDescriptor' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/scheduler/BBBPurgeOrderScheduler.java:265:	Local variable 'orderView' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/scheduler/BBBPurgeOrderScheduler.java:267:	Local variable 'purgeQuery' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/scheduler/BBBPurgeOrderScheduler.java:268:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/scheduler/BBBPurgeOrderScheduler.java:291:	Parameter 'pRepositoryView' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/scheduler/BBBPurgeOrderScheduler.java:295:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'date' (lines '295'-'324').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/scheduler/BBBPurgeOrderScheduler.java:295:	Local variable 'date' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/scheduler/BBBPurgeOrderScheduler.java:296:	Local variable 'orderBuilder' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/scheduler/BBBPurgeOrderScheduler.java:297:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'dateQuery' (lines '297'-'304').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/scheduler/BBBPurgeOrderScheduler.java:297:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'dateQuery' (lines '297'-'324').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/scheduler/BBBPurgeOrderScheduler.java:298:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'stateQuery' (lines '298'-'311').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/scheduler/BBBPurgeOrderScheduler.java:298:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'stateQuery' (lines '298'-'324').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/scheduler/BBBPurgeOrderScheduler.java:299:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'finalQuery' (lines '299'-'313').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/scheduler/BBBPurgeOrderScheduler.java:299:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'finalQuery' (lines '299'-'324').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/scheduler/BBBPurgeOrderScheduler.java:302:	Local variable 'creationDate' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/scheduler/BBBPurgeOrderScheduler.java:303:	Avoid excessively long variable names like dateGreaterThanTwo
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/scheduler/BBBPurgeOrderScheduler.java:303:	Local variable 'dateGreaterThanTwo' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/scheduler/BBBPurgeOrderScheduler.java:308:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/scheduler/BBBPurgeOrderScheduler.java:309:	Local variable 'orderState' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/scheduler/BBBPurgeOrderScheduler.java:310:	Local variable 'stateEquals' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/scheduler/BBBPurgeOrderScheduler.java:312:	Local variable 'pieces' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/scheduler/BBBPurgeOrderScheduler.java:330:	Parameter 'pDateField' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/scheduler/BBBPurgeOrderScheduler.java:338:	Parameter 'mOrderState' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/scheduler/BBBPurgeOrderScheduler.java:352:	Parameter 'pSchedulerEnabled' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/scheduler/BBBTibcoOrderMessageSchedulerJob.java:32:	The class 'BBBTibcoOrderMessageSchedulerJob' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 2 (Highest = 16).
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/scheduler/BBBTibcoOrderMessageSchedulerJob.java:37:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mOrderPickTimeDiffSeconds
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/scheduler/BBBTibcoOrderMessageSchedulerJob.java:42:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mOrderSubmittedDurationToSearch
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/scheduler/BBBTibcoOrderMessageSchedulerJob.java:47:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mOrderSubmittedTime
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/scheduler/BBBTibcoOrderMessageSchedulerJob.java:72:	Avoid excessively long variable names like siteContextManager
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/scheduler/BBBTibcoOrderMessageSchedulerJob.java:84:	Avoid excessively long variable names like siteContextManager
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/scheduler/BBBTibcoOrderMessageSchedulerJob.java:112:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pOrderSubmittedDurationToSearch
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/scheduler/BBBTibcoOrderMessageSchedulerJob.java:140:	Avoid excessively long variable names like orderSubmittedTime
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/scheduler/BBBTibcoOrderMessageSchedulerJob.java:205:	The method 'doScheduledTask' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 16.
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/scheduler/BBBTibcoOrderMessageSchedulerJob.java:219:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'orders' (lines '219'-'230').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/scheduler/BBBTibcoOrderMessageSchedulerJob.java:224:	Avoid excessively long variable names like orderPickTimeDiffSeconds
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/scheduler/BBBTibcoOrderMessageSchedulerJob.java:225:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/scheduler/BBBTibcoOrderMessageSchedulerJob.java:236:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/scheduler/BBBTibcoOrderMessageSchedulerJob.java:250:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'startIndex' (lines '250'-'266').
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/scheduler/BBBTibcoOrderMessageSchedulerJob.java:279:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pOrderPickTimeDiffSeconds
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/shipping/BBBShippingInfoBean.java:12:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mRequiresGiftPacking
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/shipping/BBBShippingInfoBean.java:14:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mSendShippingConfirmation
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/shipping/BBBShippingInfoBean.java:15:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mShippingConfirmationEmail
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/shipping/BBBShippingInfoBean.java:27:	Parameter 'pAddress' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/shipping/BBBShippingInfoBean.java:33:	Parameter 'pShippingMethod' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/shipping/BBBShippingInfoBean.java:54:	Parameter 'pGiftMessage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/shipping/BBBShippingInfoBean.java:57:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pRequiresGiftPacking
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/shipping/BBBShippingInfoBean.java:57:	Parameter 'pRequiresGiftPacking' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/shipping/BBBShippingInfoBean.java:60:	Parameter 'pPackAndHoldDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/shipping/BBBShippingInfoBean.java:63:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pSendShippingConfirmation
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/shipping/BBBShippingInfoBean.java:63:	Parameter 'pSendShippingConfirmation' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/shipping/BBBShippingInfoBean.java:67:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pShippingConfirmationEmail
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/shipping/BBBShippingInfoBean.java:67:	Parameter 'pShippingConfirmationEmail' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/shipping/BBBShippingInfoBean.java:70:	Parameter 'pShippingGroupId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/shipping/BBBShippingInfoBean.java:76:	A getX() method which returns a boolean should be named isX()
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/shipping/BBBShippingInfoBean.java:82:	Parameter 'pGiftWrap' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/shipping/BBBShippingInfoBean.java:88:	Parameter 'registryId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/shipping/BBBShippingInfoBean.java:94:	Parameter 'registryInfo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/order/shipping/BBBShippingInfoBean.java:100:	Parameter 'pGiftingFlag' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/payment/BBBPaymentManager.java:28:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mGiftCardProcessor
src/com/bbb/commerce/payment/BBBPaymentManager.java:40:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pGiftCardProcessor
src/com/bbb/commerce/payment/BBBPaymentManager.java:40:	Parameter 'pGiftCardProcessor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/payment/BBBPaymentManager.java:44:	Parameter 'pOrder' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/payment/BBBPaymentManager.java:44:	Parameter 'pPaymentGroup' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/payment/BBBPaymentManager.java:45:	Local variable 'bbbOrder' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/payment/BBBPaymentManager.java:46:	Avoid excessively long variable names like paymentGroupAmount
src/com/bbb/commerce/payment/BBBPaymentManager.java:46:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'paymentGroupAmount' (lines '46'-'52').
src/com/bbb/commerce/payment/BBBPaymentManager.java:57:	Parameter 'pAmountSoFar' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/payment/BBBPaymentManager.java:57:	Parameter 'pNewAmount' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/payment/BBBPaymentManager.java:57:	Parameter 'pPaymentGroup' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/payment/BBBPaymentManager.java:58:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'amount' (lines '58'-'60').
src/com/bbb/commerce/payment/BBBPaymentManager.java:59:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'pgAmount' (lines '59'-'78').
src/com/bbb/commerce/payment/BBBPaymentManager.java:59:	Local variable 'pgAmount' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/payment/BBBPaymentManager.java:64:	Local variable 'bbbOrder' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/payment/GiftCardProcessorImpl.java:25:	Avoid excessively long variable names like P_GIFTCERTIFICATE_INFO
src/com/bbb/commerce/payment/GiftCardProcessorImpl.java:30:	Avoid excessively long variable names like valueLinkGiftCardUtil
src/com/bbb/commerce/payment/GiftCardProcessorImpl.java:31:	Avoid excessively long variable names like valueLinkGiftCardProcessor
src/com/bbb/commerce/payment/GiftCardProcessorImpl.java:42:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'giftCardStatus' (lines '42'-'112').
src/com/bbb/commerce/payment/GiftCardProcessorImpl.java:42:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'giftCardStatus' (lines '42'-'114').
src/com/bbb/commerce/payment/GiftCardProcessorImpl.java:43:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'giftCardBeanInfo' (lines '43'-'49').
src/com/bbb/commerce/payment/GiftCardProcessorImpl.java:44:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'error' (lines '44'-'54').
src/com/bbb/commerce/payment/GiftCardProcessorImpl.java:45:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'errorMsg' (lines '45'-'103').
src/com/bbb/commerce/payment/GiftCardProcessorImpl.java:45:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'errorMsg' (lines '45'-'58').
src/com/bbb/commerce/payment/GiftCardProcessorImpl.java:58:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'errorMsg' (lines '58'-'103').
src/com/bbb/commerce/payment/GiftCardProcessorImpl.java:71:	Avoid excessively long variable names like redeemAmountRequired
src/com/bbb/commerce/payment/GiftCardProcessorImpl.java:73:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/payment/GiftCardProcessorImpl.java:89:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'error' (lines '89'-'102').
src/com/bbb/commerce/payment/GiftCardProcessorImpl.java:102:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'error' (lines '102'-'107').
src/com/bbb/commerce/payment/GiftCardProcessorImpl.java:103:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'errorMsg' (lines '103'-'108').
src/com/bbb/commerce/payment/GiftCardProcessorImpl.java:108:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'errorMsg' (lines '108'-'120').
src/com/bbb/commerce/payment/GiftCardProcessorImpl.java:133:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'error' (lines '133'-'136').
src/com/bbb/commerce/payment/GiftCardProcessorImpl.java:150:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pGiftcertificateInfo
src/com/bbb/commerce/payment/GiftCardProcessorImpl.java:170:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pGiftcertificateInfo
src/com/bbb/commerce/payment/GiftCardProcessorImpl.java:193:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pValueLinkGiftCardProcessor
src/com/bbb/commerce/payment/GiftCardProcessorImpl.java:203:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pValueLinkGiftCardUtil
src/com/bbb/commerce/payment/processor/ProcCreateGiftCardInfo.java:15:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mGiftCardInfoClass
src/com/bbb/commerce/payment/processor/ProcCreateGiftCardInfo.java:17:	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/com/bbb/commerce/payment/processor/ProcCreateGiftCardInfo.java:17:	Document empty constructor
src/com/bbb/commerce/payment/processor/ProcCreateGiftCardInfo.java:31:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pGiftCardInfoClass
src/com/bbb/commerce/payment/processor/ProcCreateGiftCardInfo.java:31:	Parameter 'pGiftCardInfoClass' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/payment/processor/ProcCreateGiftCardInfo.java:45:	Parameter 'pOrder' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/payment/processor/ProcCreateGiftCardInfo.java:46:	Parameter 'pAmount' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/payment/processor/ProcCreateGiftCardInfo.java:46:	Parameter 'pPaymentGroup' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/payment/processor/ProcCreateGiftCardInfo.java:47:	Parameter 'pParams' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/payment/processor/ProcCreateGiftCardInfo.java:48:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pGenericGiftCardInfo
src/com/bbb/commerce/payment/processor/ProcCreateGiftCardInfo.java:48:	Parameter 'pGenericGiftCardInfo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/payment/processor/ProcCreateGiftCardInfo.java:85:	Local variable 'giftCardInfo' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/payment/processor/ProcCreateGiftCardInfo.java:99:	Parameter 'pParam' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/payment/processor/ProcCreateGiftCardInfo.java:99:	Parameter 'pResult' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/payment/processor/ProcCreateGiftCardInfo.java:100:	A method/constructor shouldnt explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/com/bbb/commerce/payment/processor/ProcCreateGiftCardInfo.java:100:	A method/constructor shouldnt explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/com/bbb/commerce/payment/processor/ProcCreateGiftCardInfo.java:105:	Local variable 'params' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/payment/processor/ProcCreateGiftCardInfo.java:106:	Local variable 'order' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/payment/processor/ProcCreateGiftCardInfo.java:107:	Local variable 'giftCard' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/payment/processor/ProcCreateGiftCardInfo.java:108:	Local variable 'amount' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/payment/processor/ProcCreateGiftCardInfo.java:109:	Local variable 'giftCardInfo' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/payment/processor/ProcCreateGiftCardInfo.java:126:	Local variable 'retCodes' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/payment/processor/ProcCreateGiftCardInfo.java:127:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'retCodes'
src/com/bbb/commerce/payment/processor/ProcProcessGiftCard.java:19:	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/com/bbb/commerce/payment/processor/ProcProcessGiftCard.java:19:	Document empty constructor
src/com/bbb/commerce/payment/processor/ProcProcessGiftCard.java:30:	Parameter 'pParams' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/payment/processor/ProcProcessGiftCard.java:36:	Local variable 'gci' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/payment/processor/ProcProcessGiftCard.java:50:	Parameter 'pParams' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/payment/processor/ProcProcessGiftCard.java:61:	Parameter 'pParams' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBBopusQualifyingFilter.java:19:	Avoid variables with short names like i
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBBopusQualifyingFilter.java:19:	Parameter 'i' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBBopusQualifyingFilter.java:19:	Parameter 'map' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBBopusQualifyingFilter.java:19:	Parameter 'pricingcontext' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBBopusQualifyingFilter.java:20:	Parameter 'list' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBBopusQualifyingFilter.java:20:	Parameter 'map1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBBopusQualifyingFilter.java:20:	Parameter 'map2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBBopusQualifyingFilter.java:22:	Local variable 'iterator' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBBopusQualifyingFilter.java:23:	Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBCIAttributesBasedFilter.java:34:	The class 'BBBCIAttributesBasedFilter' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 8 (Highest = 22).
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBCIAttributesBasedFilter.java:50:	Parameter 'pCatalogTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBCIAttributesBasedFilter.java:55:	Parameter 'filterContext' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBCIAttributesBasedFilter.java:55:	Parameter 'pricingContext' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBCIAttributesBasedFilter.java:55:	The method 'filterItems' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 22.
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBCIAttributesBasedFilter.java:55:	The method filterItems() has an NPath complexity of 716
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBCIAttributesBasedFilter.java:56:	Avoid excessively long variable names like detailsPendingActingAsQualifier
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBCIAttributesBasedFilter.java:56:	Avoid excessively long variable names like extraParametersMap
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBCIAttributesBasedFilter.java:56:	Parameter 'detailsPendingActingAsQualifier' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBCIAttributesBasedFilter.java:56:	Parameter 'extraParametersMap' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBCIAttributesBasedFilter.java:57:	Avoid excessively long variable names like detailsRangesToReceiveDiscount
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBCIAttributesBasedFilter.java:57:	Parameter 'detailsRangesToReceiveDiscount' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBCIAttributesBasedFilter.java:57:	Parameter 'filteredItems' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBCIAttributesBasedFilter.java:64:	Avoid excessively long variable names like excludedPromoItems
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBCIAttributesBasedFilter.java:64:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'excludedPromoItems' (lines '64'-'101').
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBCIAttributesBasedFilter.java:64:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'excludedPromoItems' (lines '64'-'154').
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBCIAttributesBasedFilter.java:81:	Local variable 'couponCode' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBCIAttributesBasedFilter.java:102:	Local variable 'itemIterator' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBCIAttributesBasedFilter.java:104:	Avoid excessively long variable names like filteredCommerceItem
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBCIAttributesBasedFilter.java:104:	Local variable 'filteredCommerceItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBCIAttributesBasedFilter.java:120:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'promotion' (lines '120'-'154').
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBCIAttributesBasedFilter.java:120:	Local variable 'promotion' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBCIAttributesBasedFilter.java:121:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'promoExclMap' (lines '121'-'154').
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBCIAttributesBasedFilter.java:121:	Local variable 'promoExclMap' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBGiftCardFilter.java:25:	The class 'BBBGiftCardFilter' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 5 (Highest = 12).
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBGiftCardFilter.java:41:	Parameter 'pCatalogTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBGiftCardFilter.java:46:	Parameter 'filterContext' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBGiftCardFilter.java:46:	Parameter 'pricingContext' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBGiftCardFilter.java:46:	The method 'filterItems' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 12.
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBGiftCardFilter.java:47:	Avoid excessively long variable names like detailsPendingActingAsQualifier
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBGiftCardFilter.java:47:	Avoid excessively long variable names like extraParametersMap
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBGiftCardFilter.java:47:	Parameter 'detailsPendingActingAsQualifier' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBGiftCardFilter.java:47:	Parameter 'extraParametersMap' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBGiftCardFilter.java:48:	Avoid excessively long variable names like detailsRangesToReceiveDiscount
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBGiftCardFilter.java:48:	Parameter 'detailsRangesToReceiveDiscount' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBGiftCardFilter.java:48:	Parameter 'filteredItems' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBGiftCardFilter.java:60:	Local variable 'itemIterator' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBGiftCardFilter.java:62:	Avoid excessively long variable names like filteredCommerceItem
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBGiftCardFilter.java:62:	Local variable 'filteredCommerceItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBItemPricingEngineService.java:29:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pPriceListPropertyName
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBItemPricingEngineService.java:29:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pUseDefaultPriceList
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBItemPricingEngineService.java:29:	Parameter 'pExtraParameters' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBItemPricingEngineService.java:29:	Parameter 'pLocale' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBItemPricingEngineService.java:29:	Parameter 'pPriceListPropertyName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBItemPricingEngineService.java:29:	Parameter 'pProfile' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBItemPricingEngineService.java:29:	Parameter 'pUseDefaultPriceList' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBItemPricingEngineService.java:31:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'currency' (lines '31'-'39').
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBItemPricingEngineService.java:35:	Local variable 'siteId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBItemPricingEngineService.java:37:	Local variable 'site' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBItemPricingEngineService.java:44:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'currency' (lines '44'-'53').
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBItemPricingEngineService.java:65:	Parameter 'siteRepository' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBNonMerchandiseCommerceItemFilter.java:27:	Parameter 'filterContext' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBNonMerchandiseCommerceItemFilter.java:27:	Parameter 'pricingContext' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBNonMerchandiseCommerceItemFilter.java:28:	Avoid excessively long variable names like detailsPendingActingAsQualifier
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBNonMerchandiseCommerceItemFilter.java:28:	Avoid excessively long variable names like extraParametersMap
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBNonMerchandiseCommerceItemFilter.java:28:	Parameter 'detailsPendingActingAsQualifier' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBNonMerchandiseCommerceItemFilter.java:28:	Parameter 'extraParametersMap' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBNonMerchandiseCommerceItemFilter.java:29:	Avoid excessively long variable names like detailsRangesToReceiveDiscount
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBNonMerchandiseCommerceItemFilter.java:29:	Parameter 'detailsRangesToReceiveDiscount' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBNonMerchandiseCommerceItemFilter.java:29:	Parameter 'filteredItems' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBNonMerchandiseCommerceItemFilter.java:39:	Local variable 'itemIterator' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBNonMerchandiseCommerceItemFilter.java:41:	Avoid excessively long variable names like filteredCommerceItem
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBNonMerchandiseCommerceItemFilter.java:41:	Local variable 'filteredCommerceItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderPricingEngineService.java:29:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pPriceListPropertyName
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderPricingEngineService.java:29:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pUseDefaultPriceList
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderPricingEngineService.java:29:	Parameter 'pExtraParameters' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderPricingEngineService.java:29:	Parameter 'pLocale' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderPricingEngineService.java:29:	Parameter 'pPriceListPropertyName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderPricingEngineService.java:29:	Parameter 'pProfile' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderPricingEngineService.java:29:	Parameter 'pUseDefaultPriceList' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderPricingEngineService.java:31:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'currency' (lines '31'-'39').
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderPricingEngineService.java:35:	Local variable 'siteId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderPricingEngineService.java:37:	Local variable 'site' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderPricingEngineService.java:44:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'currency' (lines '44'-'53').
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBOrderPricingEngineService.java:65:	Parameter 'siteRepository' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPostOrderDpiMergerCalculator.java:22:	The class 'BBBPostOrderDpiMergerCalculator' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 6 (Highest = 10).
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPostOrderDpiMergerCalculator.java:27:	The String literal "rawtypes" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 27
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPostOrderDpiMergerCalculator.java:27:	The String literal "unchecked" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 27
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPostOrderDpiMergerCalculator.java:117:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPostOrderDpiMergerCalculator.java:117:	The method 'updateExistingDPI' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPostOrderDpiMergerCalculator.java:122:	Avoid excessively long variable names like detailedItemPriceInfo
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPostOrderDpiMergerCalculator.java:126:	Avoid excessively long variable names like existingcommItemDPI
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPostOrderDpiMergerCalculator.java:154:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPostOrderDpiMergerCalculator.java:156:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPostOrderDpiMergerCalculator.java:156:	Local variable 'range' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPostOrderDpiMergerCalculator.java:237:	Avoid excessively long variable names like currentDpiDiscount
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPostOrderDpiMergerCalculator.java:254:	Avoid excessively long variable names like detailedItemPriceInfo
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPostOrderDpiMergerCalculator.java:269:	Avoid excessively long variable names like amountToAdjustForNewDPI
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPostOrderDpiMergerCalculator.java:319:	Parameter 'commerceItem' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPostOrderDpiMergerCalculator.java:323:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'currentListSize' (lines '323'-'327').
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPostOrderDpiMergerCalculator.java:323:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'currentListSize' (lines '323'-'382').
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPostOrderDpiMergerCalculator.java:338:	Avoid excessively long variable names like existingcommItemDPI
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPostOrderDpiMergerCalculator.java:338:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'existingcommItemDPI' (lines '338'-'338').
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPostOrderDpiMergerCalculator.java:338:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'existingcommItemDPI' (lines '338'-'382').
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPostOrderDpiMergerCalculator.java:345:	Local variable 'nextcommItemDPI' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingManager.java:31:	The class 'BBBPricingManager' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 12).
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingManager.java:33:	Avoid excessively long variable names like EXCEPTION_OCCURRED_WHILE_FETCHING_PRICE
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingManager.java:39:	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingManager.java:59:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pBBBProfilePropertyManager
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingManager.java:79:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingManager.java:79:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'key' (lines '79'-'97').
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingManager.java:79:	The method 'getPriceItems' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 12.
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingManager.java:85:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingManager.java:87:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'priceDroplet' (lines '87'-'181').
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingManager.java:89:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'request' (lines '89'-'181').
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingManager.java:90:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'response' (lines '90'-'181').
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingManager.java:91:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'output' (lines '91'-'181').
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingManager.java:93:	Avoid excessively long variable names like listPriceRepositoryItem
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingManager.java:93:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'listPriceRepositoryItem' (lines '93'-'113').
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingManager.java:93:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'listPriceRepositoryItem' (lines '93'-'181').
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingManager.java:94:	Avoid excessively long variable names like salePriceRepositoryItem
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingManager.java:94:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'salePriceRepositoryItem' (lines '94'-'130').
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingManager.java:94:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'salePriceRepositoryItem' (lines '94'-'181').
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingManager.java:98:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingManager.java:99:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'listPrice' (lines '99'-'115').
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingManager.java:99:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'listPrice' (lines '99'-'181').
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingManager.java:100:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'salePrice' (lines '100'-'132').
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingManager.java:100:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'salePrice' (lines '100'-'181').
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingManager.java:138:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingManager.java:140:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'quantity' (lines '140'-'142').
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingManager.java:142:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'quantity' (lines '142'-'181').
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingManager.java:144:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingManager.java:151:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingManager.java:164:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingManager.java:167:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingManager.java:194:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'listPrice' (lines '194'-'208').
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingManager.java:194:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'listPrice' (lines '194'-'222').
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingManager.java:195:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'siteRepItem' (lines '195'-'199').
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingManager.java:198:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'priceList' (lines '198'-'201').
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingManager.java:208:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'listPrice' (lines '208'-'222').
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingManager.java:217:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:1:	A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:62:	The class 'BBBPricingTools' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 6 (Highest = 29).
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:72:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shippingPricingEngine
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:74:	Avoid excessively long variable names like tempShippingMethod
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:88:	Avoid excessively long variable names like tempShippingMethod
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:88:	Parameter 'tempShippingMethod' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:102:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shippingPricingEngine
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:102:	Parameter 'shippingPricingEngine' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:110:	Parameter 'pPromotionTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:127:	The String literal "unchecked" appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 127
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:128:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:128:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'commerceItemRelationship' (lines '128'-'154').
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:128:	Parameter 'shippingMethod' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:128:	Parameter 'siteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:128:	The method 'calculateShippingCost' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 29.
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:128:	The method calculateShippingCost() has an NPath complexity of 6048
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:129:	Avoid excessively long variable names like hardgoodShippingGroup
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:129:	Parameter 'hardgoodShippingGroup' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:137:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'shippingAmount' (lines '137'-'202').
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:137:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'shippingAmount' (lines '137'-'235').
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:137:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'shippingAmount' (lines '137'-'238').
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:138:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'gcShippingAmount' (lines '138'-'221').
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:138:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'gcShippingAmount' (lines '138'-'238').
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:139:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shippingGroupSubtotal
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:139:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'shippingGroupSubtotal' (lines '139'-'171').
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:139:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'shippingGroupSubtotal' (lines '139'-'238').
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:141:	Avoid excessively long variable names like nonGiftCardCommerceItemCountForShipping
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:141:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'nonGiftCardCommerceItemCountForShipping' (lines '141'-'167').
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:141:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'nonGiftCardCommerceItemCountForShipping' (lines '141'-'238').
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:142:	Avoid excessively long variable names like commerceItemRelationshipList
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:142:	Local variable 'commerceItemRelationshipList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:151:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'state' (lines '151'-'158').
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:151:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'state' (lines '151'-'190').
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:151:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'state' (lines '151'-'238').
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:152:	Avoid excessively long variable names like commerceItemRelationship
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:152:	Local variable 'commerceItemRelationship' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:154:	Local variable 'commerceItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:158:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'state' (lines '158'-'238').
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:167:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'nonGiftCardCommerceItemCountForShipping' (lines '167'-'238').
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:190:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:190:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'state' (lines '190'-'238').
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:209:	The String literal "Error getting shipping fee" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 209
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:221:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'gcShippingAmount' (lines '221'-'225').
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:251:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'commerceItemRelationship' (lines '251'-'263').
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:251:	Parameter 'siteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:252:	Avoid excessively long variable names like hardgoodShippingGroup
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:252:	Parameter 'hardgoodShippingGroup' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:257:	Avoid excessively long variable names like commerceItemRelationshipList
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:257:	Local variable 'commerceItemRelationshipList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:259:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'finalSurcharge' (lines '259'-'278').
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:259:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'finalSurcharge' (lines '259'-'302').
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:261:	Avoid excessively long variable names like commerceItemRelationship
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:261:	Local variable 'commerceItemRelationship' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:263:	Local variable 'commerceItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:275:	Local variable 'surchargeAmount' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:329:	Parameter 'pRelationship' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:330:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'unitPrices' (lines '330'-'338').
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:332:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'relationshipRange' (lines '332'-'341').
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:332:	Local variable 'relationshipRange' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:334:	Local variable 'priceInfo' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:337:	Avoid excessively long variable names like currentPriceDetails
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:337:	Local variable 'currentPriceDetails' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:346:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pCommerceItemRelationship
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:346:	Parameter 'pCommerceItemRelationship' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:346:	Parameter 'pSiteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:350:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'itemSurcharge' (lines '350'-'367').
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:350:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'itemSurcharge' (lines '350'-'373').
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:351:	Avoid variables with short names like sg
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:351:	Local variable 'sg' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:355:	Local variable 'tempItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:356:	Local variable 'skuVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:357:	Local variable 'shippingPriceInfo' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:359:	Local variable 'hgsg' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:361:	Local variable 'excludedItems' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:375:	Parameter 'catalogRefId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:375:	Parameter 'excludedItems' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:377:	Local variable 'commaTokenizer' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:397:	Parameter 'discountAmount' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:397:	Parameter 'pPricingModel' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:397:	Parameter 'quantityAdjusted' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:398:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'descriptorName' (lines '398'-'401').
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:399:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'adjustment' (lines '399'-'405').
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:416:	Parameter 'identifier' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:416:	Parameter 'type' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:418:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'promotionQuery' (lines '418'-'421').
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:418:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'promotionQuery' (lines '418'-'423').
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:426:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'params' (lines '426'-'427').
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:429:	Local variable 'statement' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:430:	Local variable 'view' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:446:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:446:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'pCommItem' (lines '446'-'562').
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:446:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'shippingGroup' (lines '446'-'507').
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:446:	The method 'getOrderPriceInfo' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 19.
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:446:	The method getOrderPriceInfo() has an NPath complexity of 866
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:450:	Local variable 'orderPriceInfo' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:453:	Avoid excessively long variable names like onlinePurchasedItemCount
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:454:	Avoid excessively long variable names like storePruchasedItemCount
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:455:	Avoid excessively long variable names like onlineTotalRawAmount
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:456:	Avoid excessively long variable names like onlineOrderPreTaxTotal
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:456:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'onlineOrderPreTaxTotal' (lines '456'-'540').
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:457:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'totalSavedAmount' (lines '457'-'525').
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:459:	Avoid excessively long variable names like storeTotalRawAmount
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:460:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'onlineOrderTotal' (lines '460'-'541').
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:461:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'orderTotal' (lines '461'-'542').
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:462:	Avoid excessively long variable names like onlineDiscountedAmount
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:465:	Avoid excessively long variable names like totalShippingAmount
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:466:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shippingSavedAmount
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:467:	Avoid excessively long variable names like totalShippingSurcharge
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:473:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'giftWrapTotal' (lines '473'-'497').
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:474:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isFreeShipping' (lines '474'-'523').
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:475:	Local variable 'commerceItems' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:477:	Local variable 'iterator' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:479:	Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:505:	Local variable 'shippingGroup' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:507:	Local variable 'priceInfo' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:533:	Local variable 'taxPriceInfo' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:534:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'taxAmount' (lines '534'-'536').
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:561:	Local variable 'pCommItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:576:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'spaObj' (lines '576'-'582').
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:578:	Local variable 'priceInfo' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:579:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shippingAdjustments
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:579:	Local variable 'shippingAdjustments' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:581:	Local variable 'spaObj' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:582:	Local variable 'spa' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:606:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'spaObj' (lines '606'-'616').
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:608:	Local variable 'priceInfoList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:613:	Local variable 'iterator' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:614:	Local variable 'dpi' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:615:	Local variable 'spaObj' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:616:	Local variable 'spa' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:643:	The method 'fillAllAdjustments' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:645:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'allPromotions' (lines '645'-'653').
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:645:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'allPromotions' (lines '645'-'694').
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:646:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'appliedPromotions' (lines '646'-'694').
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:646:	Local variable 'appliedPromotions' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:647:	Avoid excessively long variable names like unAppliedPromotions
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:647:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'unAppliedPromotions' (lines '647'-'668').
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:647:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'unAppliedPromotions' (lines '647'-'694').
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:651:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:655:	Local variable 'pOrderPromotions' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:656:	Local variable 'pTaxPromotions' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:657:	Local variable 'pItemPromotions' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:658:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pShippingPromotions
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:658:	Local variable 'pShippingPromotions' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:672:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0) with calls to isEmpty()
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:676:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0) with calls to isEmpty()
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:704:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:704:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'spaObj' (lines '704'-'731').
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:704:	Parameter 'order' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:704:	The method 'fillAdjustmentsForShipMethod' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 22.
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:705:	Parameter 'shipMethodId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:711:	Local variable 'priceInfo' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:713:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'newShipMethodInfo' (lines '713'-'808').
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:713:	Local variable 'newShipMethodInfo' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:714:	Avoid excessively long variable names like discountedShipping
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:714:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'discountedShipping' (lines '714'-'742').
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:714:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'discountedShipping' (lines '714'-'744').
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:714:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'discountedShipping' (lines '714'-'746').
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:714:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'discountedShipping' (lines '714'-'779').
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:714:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'discountedShipping' (lines '714'-'781').
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:714:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'discountedShipping' (lines '714'-'783').
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:715:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shippingWithSurcharge
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:715:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'shippingWithSurcharge' (lines '715'-'738').
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:715:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'shippingWithSurcharge' (lines '715'-'775').
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:715:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'shippingWithSurcharge' (lines '715'-'808').
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:719:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'simpleOrder' (lines '719'-'808').
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:719:	Local variable 'simpleOrder' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:720:	Local variable 'profileItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:721:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'pricingModel' (lines '721'-'808').
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:721:	Local variable 'pricingModel' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:723:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'adjAmount' (lines '723'-'808').
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:730:	Local variable 'spaObj' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:731:	Local variable 'spa' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:737:	Local variable 'newFormat' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:739:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shippingWithSurchargeFmt
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:739:	Local variable 'shippingWithSurchargeFmt' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:759:	Local variable 'info' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:766:	Local variable 'spaObj' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:767:	Local variable 'spa' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:774:	Local variable 'newFormat' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:776:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shippingWithSurchargeFmt
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBPricingTools.java:776:	Local variable 'shippingWithSurchargeFmt' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBQualifier.java:32:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'pFilteredCommerceItem' (lines '32'-'57').
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBQualifier.java:33:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pExtraParametersMap
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBQualifier.java:33:	Parameter 'pExtraParametersMap' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBQualifier.java:33:	Parameter 'pPricingContext' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBQualifier.java:37:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'thresholdAmount' (lines '37'-'40').
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBQualifier.java:39:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBQualifier.java:42:	Avoid excessively long variable names like detailsTaggedToReceiveDiscount
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBQualifier.java:42:	Local variable 'detailsTaggedToReceiveDiscount' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBQualifier.java:43:	Avoid excessively long variable names like filteredQualifierItems
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBQualifier.java:43:	Local variable 'filteredQualifierItems' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBQualifier.java:48:	Local variable 'itemsQualified' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBQualifier.java:56:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pFilteredCommerceItem
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBQualifier.java:56:	Local variable 'pFilteredCommerceItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBQualifier.java:57:	Local variable 'tempItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBQualifier.java:69:	Local variable 'oldAmount' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBQualifier.java:73:	Local variable 'matchObj' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBShippingDiscountCalculator.java:31:	The class 'BBBShippingDiscountCalculator' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 10 (Highest = 26).
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBShippingDiscountCalculator.java:46:	Parameter 'pCatalogTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBShippingDiscountCalculator.java:52:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'commerceItem' (lines '52'-'69').
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBShippingDiscountCalculator.java:52:	Parameter 'pPricingModel' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBShippingDiscountCalculator.java:52:	Parameter 'pShippingGrp' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBShippingDiscountCalculator.java:52:	The method 'getExcludedPromoItemsForSG' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 13.
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBShippingDiscountCalculator.java:55:	Local variable 'excludedItemsInSG' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBShippingDiscountCalculator.java:59:	Local variable 'couponCode' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBShippingDiscountCalculator.java:62:	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBShippingDiscountCalculator.java:66:	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBShippingDiscountCalculator.java:67:	Local variable 'sgCommItemList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBShippingDiscountCalculator.java:68:	Local variable 'commerceItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBShippingDiscountCalculator.java:115:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBShippingDiscountCalculator.java:115:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'commerceItemRelationship' (lines '115'-'168').
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBShippingDiscountCalculator.java:115:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'excludedItem' (lines '115'-'168').
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBShippingDiscountCalculator.java:115:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'tempItemRel' (lines '115'-'178').
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBShippingDiscountCalculator.java:115:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'tempItemRel' (lines '115'-'187').
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBShippingDiscountCalculator.java:115:	Parameter 'pOrder' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBShippingDiscountCalculator.java:115:	Parameter 'pPriceQuote' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBShippingDiscountCalculator.java:115:	The method 'priceShippingGroup' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 26.
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBShippingDiscountCalculator.java:115:	The method priceShippingGroup() has an NPath complexity of 8736
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBShippingDiscountCalculator.java:116:	Parameter 'pPricingModel' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBShippingDiscountCalculator.java:116:	Parameter 'pShipment' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBShippingDiscountCalculator.java:117:	Parameter 'pExtraParameters' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBShippingDiscountCalculator.java:117:	Parameter 'pLocale' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBShippingDiscountCalculator.java:117:	Parameter 'pProfile' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBShippingDiscountCalculator.java:128:	Local variable 'shippingPriceInfo' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBShippingDiscountCalculator.java:129:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'oldAmount' (lines '129'-'253').
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBShippingDiscountCalculator.java:129:	Local variable 'oldAmount' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBShippingDiscountCalculator.java:135:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'excludedItemsInSG' (lines '135'-'137').
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBShippingDiscountCalculator.java:136:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBShippingDiscountCalculator.java:142:	Avoid excessively long variable names like excludedCatalogRefIds
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBShippingDiscountCalculator.java:142:	Local variable 'excludedCatalogRefIds' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBShippingDiscountCalculator.java:143:	Local variable 'commerceItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBShippingDiscountCalculator.java:144:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBShippingDiscountCalculator.java:153:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBShippingDiscountCalculator.java:155:	Avoid excessively long variable names like exludedItemRelinSG
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBShippingDiscountCalculator.java:155:	Local variable 'exludedItemRelinSG' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBShippingDiscountCalculator.java:157:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'skuSurcharge' (lines '157'-'193').
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBShippingDiscountCalculator.java:157:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'skuSurcharge' (lines '157'-'253').
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBShippingDiscountCalculator.java:158:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'itemTotal' (lines '158'-'253').
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBShippingDiscountCalculator.java:160:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'shippingTotal' (lines '160'-'210').
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBShippingDiscountCalculator.java:161:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'allItemsGC' (lines '161'-'181').
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBShippingDiscountCalculator.java:164:	Local variable 'ciRelationships' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBShippingDiscountCalculator.java:166:	Local variable 'excludedItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBShippingDiscountCalculator.java:167:	Avoid excessively long variable names like commerceItemRelationship
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBShippingDiscountCalculator.java:167:	Local variable 'commerceItemRelationship' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBShippingDiscountCalculator.java:175:	Local variable 'tempItemRel' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBShippingDiscountCalculator.java:181:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'allItemsGC' (lines '181'-'181').
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBShippingDiscountCalculator.java:186:	Local variable 'tempItemRel' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBShippingDiscountCalculator.java:237:	Local variable 'newAmount' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBShippingDiscountCalculator.java:243:	Local variable 'adjustAmount' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBShippingPricingEngineService.java:29:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pPriceListPropertyName
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBShippingPricingEngineService.java:29:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pUseDefaultPriceList
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBShippingPricingEngineService.java:29:	Parameter 'pExtraParameters' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBShippingPricingEngineService.java:29:	Parameter 'pLocale' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBShippingPricingEngineService.java:29:	Parameter 'pPriceListPropertyName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBShippingPricingEngineService.java:29:	Parameter 'pProfile' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBShippingPricingEngineService.java:29:	Parameter 'pUseDefaultPriceList' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBShippingPricingEngineService.java:31:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'currency' (lines '31'-'39').
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBShippingPricingEngineService.java:35:	Local variable 'siteId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBShippingPricingEngineService.java:37:	Local variable 'site' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBShippingPricingEngineService.java:44:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'currency' (lines '44'-'53').
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBShippingPricingEngineService.java:65:	Parameter 'siteRepository' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBTaxPricingEngineService.java:29:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pPriceListPropertyName
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBTaxPricingEngineService.java:29:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pUseDefaultPriceList
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBTaxPricingEngineService.java:29:	Parameter 'pExtraParameters' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBTaxPricingEngineService.java:29:	Parameter 'pLocale' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBTaxPricingEngineService.java:29:	Parameter 'pPriceListPropertyName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBTaxPricingEngineService.java:29:	Parameter 'pProfile' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBTaxPricingEngineService.java:29:	Parameter 'pUseDefaultPriceList' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBTaxPricingEngineService.java:31:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'currency' (lines '31'-'39').
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBTaxPricingEngineService.java:35:	Local variable 'siteId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBTaxPricingEngineService.java:37:	Local variable 'site' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBTaxPricingEngineService.java:44:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'currency' (lines '44'-'53').
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/BBBTaxPricingEngineService.java:65:	Parameter 'siteRepository' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/bean/ItemPriceVO.java:50:	Parameter 'skuId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/bean/ItemPriceVO.java:64:	Parameter 'quantity' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/bean/ItemPriceVO.java:78:	Parameter 'listPrice' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/bean/ItemPriceVO.java:92:	Parameter 'salePrice' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/bean/ItemPriceVO.java:106:	Parameter 'totalPrice' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/bean/OrderInfoVO.java:32:	Avoid excessively long variable names like productDescription
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/bean/OrderInfoVO.java:34:	Avoid excessively long variable names like productLargeImageURL
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/bean/OrderInfoVO.java:41:	Parameter 'productURL' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/bean/OrderInfoVO.java:49:	Parameter 'productTitle' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/bean/OrderInfoVO.java:57:	Parameter 'productImageURL' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/bean/OrderInfoVO.java:66:	Avoid excessively long variable names like productDescription
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/bean/OrderInfoVO.java:66:	Parameter 'productDescription' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/bean/OrderInfoVO.java:74:	Parameter 'registry' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/bean/OrderInfoVO.java:91:	Parameter 'skuId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/bean/OrderInfoVO.java:105:	Parameter 'price' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/bean/OrderInfoVO.java:119:	Parameter 'currency' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/bean/OrderInfoVO.java:133:	Parameter 'itemCount' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/bean/OrderInfoVO.java:147:	Parameter 'pProductId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/bean/OrderInfoVO.java:165:	Avoid excessively long variable names like productLargeImageURL
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/bean/OrderInfoVO.java:165:	Parameter 'productLargeImageURL' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/bean/PaymentGroupDisplayVO.java:15:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/bean/PaymentGroupDisplayVO.java:16:	Avoid excessively long variable names like balanceAmtGiftCard
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/bean/PaymentGroupDisplayVO.java:29:	Parameter 'remainingBalance' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/bean/PaymentGroupDisplayVO.java:37:	Parameter 'amountCredited' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/bean/PaymentGroupDisplayVO.java:45:	Parameter 'amountAuthorized' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/bean/PaymentGroupDisplayVO.java:53:	Parameter 'amount' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/bean/PaymentGroupDisplayVO.java:61:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/bean/PaymentGroupDisplayVO.java:61:	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/bean/PaymentGroupDisplayVO.java:69:	Avoid excessively long variable names like balanceAmtGiftCard
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/bean/PaymentGroupDisplayVO.java:69:	Parameter 'balanceAmtGiftCard' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/bean/PaymentGroupDisplayVO.java:77:	Parameter 'amountDebited' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/bean/PaymentGroupDisplayVO.java:85:	Parameter 'currencyCode' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/bean/PaymentGroupDisplayVO.java:93:	Parameter 'paymentMethodType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/bean/PaymentGroupDisplayVO.java:101:	Parameter 'creditCardInfo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/bean/PaymentGroupDisplayVO.java:105:	Parameter 'state' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/bean/PaymentGroupDisplayVO.java:117:	Parameter 'giftCardNumber' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/bean/PriceInfoVO.java:1:	This class has a bunch of public methods and attributes
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/bean/PriceInfoVO.java:14:	Too many fields
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/bean/PriceInfoVO.java:30:	Avoid excessively long variable names like totalSavedPercentage
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/bean/PriceInfoVO.java:32:	Avoid excessively long variable names like totalDiscountShare
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/bean/PriceInfoVO.java:38:	Avoid excessively long variable names like totalShippingAmount
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/bean/PriceInfoVO.java:46:	Avoid excessively long variable names like unitSavedPercentage
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/bean/PriceInfoVO.java:50:	Avoid excessively long variable names like appliedAdjustmentsList
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/bean/PriceInfoVO.java:52:	Avoid excessively long variable names like unAppliedAdjustmentsList
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/bean/PriceInfoVO.java:68:	Avoid excessively long variable names like hardgoodShippingGroupItemCount
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/bean/PriceInfoVO.java:70:	Avoid excessively long variable names like storePickupShippingGroupItemCount
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/bean/PriceInfoVO.java:72:	Avoid excessively long variable names like hardgoodShippingGroupTotalAmount
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/bean/PriceInfoVO.java:74:	Avoid excessively long variable names like storePickupShippingGroupTotalAmount
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/bean/PriceInfoVO.java:76:	Avoid excessively long variable names like itemPromotionVOList
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/bean/PriceInfoVO.java:78:	Avoid excessively long variable names like undiscountedItemsCount
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/bean/PriceInfoVO.java:80:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shippingAdjustments
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/bean/PriceInfoVO.java:94:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shippingCountyLevelTax
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/bean/PriceInfoVO.java:96:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shippingStateLevelTax
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/bean/PriceInfoVO.java:98:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shippingGroupItemsTotal
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/bean/PriceInfoVO.java:100:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shippingGroupItemTotal
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/bean/PriceInfoVO.java:108:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mOnlinePurchaseTotal
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/bean/PriceInfoVO.java:124:	Parameter 'pPrevPrice' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/bean/PriceInfoVO.java:138:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shippingGroupItemsTotal
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/bean/PriceInfoVO.java:138:	Parameter 'shippingGroupItemsTotal' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/bean/PriceInfoVO.java:152:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shippingGroupItemTotal
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/bean/PriceInfoVO.java:152:	Parameter 'shippingGroupItemTotal' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/bean/PriceInfoVO.java:167:	Parameter 'giftWrapPrice' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/bean/PriceInfoVO.java:182:	Parameter 'rawAmount' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/bean/PriceInfoVO.java:197:	Parameter 'totalAmount' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/bean/PriceInfoVO.java:213:	Parameter 'storeAmount' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/bean/PriceInfoVO.java:228:	Parameter 'totalSavedAmount' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/bean/PriceInfoVO.java:243:	Avoid excessively long variable names like totalSavedPercentage
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/bean/PriceInfoVO.java:243:	Parameter 'totalSavedPercentage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/bean/PriceInfoVO.java:258:	Avoid excessively long variable names like totalDiscountShare
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/bean/PriceInfoVO.java:258:	Parameter 'totalDiscountShare' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/bean/PriceInfoVO.java:273:	Parameter 'itemCount' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/bean/PriceInfoVO.java:288:	Parameter 'totalTax' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/bean/PriceInfoVO.java:303:	Avoid excessively long variable names like totoalShippingAmount
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/bean/PriceInfoVO.java:303:	Parameter 'totoalShippingAmount' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/bean/PriceInfoVO.java:318:	Parameter 'unitListPrice' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/bean/PriceInfoVO.java:333:	Parameter 'unitSalePrice' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/bean/PriceInfoVO.java:348:	Parameter 'unitSavedAmount' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/bean/PriceInfoVO.java:363:	Avoid excessively long variable names like unitSavedPercentage
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/bean/PriceInfoVO.java:363:	Parameter 'unitSavedPercentage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/bean/PriceInfoVO.java:372:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/bean/PriceInfoVO.java:386:	Avoid excessively long variable names like appliedAdjustmentsList
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/bean/PriceInfoVO.java:386:	Parameter 'appliedAdjustmentsList' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/bean/PriceInfoVO.java:395:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/bean/PriceInfoVO.java:410:	Avoid excessively long variable names like unAppliedAdjustmentsList
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/bean/PriceInfoVO.java:410:	Parameter 'unAppliedAdjustmentsList' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/bean/PriceInfoVO.java:420:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/bean/PriceInfoVO.java:436:	Parameter 'adjustmentsList' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/bean/PriceInfoVO.java:451:	Parameter 'totalSurcharge' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/bean/PriceInfoVO.java:465:	Parameter 'onlineTotal' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/bean/PriceInfoVO.java:478:	Avoid excessively long variable names like hardgoodShippingGroupItemCount
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/bean/PriceInfoVO.java:478:	Parameter 'hardgoodShippingGroupItemCount' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/bean/PriceInfoVO.java:487:	Avoid excessively long variable names like storePickupShippingGroupItemCount
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/bean/PriceInfoVO.java:487:	Parameter 'storePickupShippingGroupItemCount' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/bean/PriceInfoVO.java:496:	Avoid excessively long variable names like hardgoodShippingGroupTotalAmount
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/bean/PriceInfoVO.java:496:	Parameter 'hardgoodShippingGroupTotalAmount' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/bean/PriceInfoVO.java:505:	Avoid excessively long variable names like storePickupShippingGroupTotalAmount
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/bean/PriceInfoVO.java:505:	Parameter 'storePickupShippingGroupTotalAmount' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/bean/PriceInfoVO.java:519:	Parameter 'orderPreTaxAmout' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/bean/PriceInfoVO.java:562:	Avoid excessively long variable names like undiscountedItemsCount
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/bean/PriceInfoVO.java:562:	Parameter 'undiscountedItemsCount' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/bean/PriceInfoVO.java:576:	Parameter 'rawShippingTotal' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/bean/PriceInfoVO.java:597:	Parameter 'ecoFeeTotal' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/bean/PriceInfoVO.java:611:	Parameter 'giftWrapTotal' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/bean/PriceInfoVO.java:625:	Parameter 'shippingLevelTax' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/bean/PriceInfoVO.java:642:	Avoid excessively long variable names like itemPromotionVOList
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/bean/PriceInfoVO.java:642:	Parameter 'itemPromotionVOList' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/bean/PriceInfoVO.java:656:	Parameter 'priceBeans' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/bean/PriceInfoVO.java:670:	Parameter 'onlineRawTotal' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/bean/PriceInfoVO.java:688:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shippingAdjustments
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/bean/PriceInfoVO.java:688:	Parameter 'shippingAdjustments' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/bean/PriceInfoVO.java:697:	Parameter 'itemAdjustments' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/bean/PriceInfoVO.java:706:	Parameter 'orderAdjustments' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/bean/PriceInfoVO.java:720:	Parameter 'onlineEcoFeeTotal' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/bean/PriceInfoVO.java:734:	Parameter 'storeEcoFeeTotal' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/bean/PriceInfoVO.java:742:	Parameter 'mOrderPriceInfo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/bean/PriceInfoVO.java:746:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pOnlinePurchaseTotal
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/bean/PriceInfoVO.java:746:	Parameter 'pOnlinePurchaseTotal' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/bean/PriceInfoVO.java:754:	A getX() method which returns a boolean should be named isX()
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/bean/PriceInfoVO.java:762:	Parameter 'pFreeShipping' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/bean/PriceInfoVO.java:770:	Parameter 'surchargeSavings' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/bean/PriceInfoVO.java:778:	Parameter 'shippingSavings' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/bean/PriceInfoVO.java:786:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shippingStateLevelTax
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/bean/PriceInfoVO.java:786:	Parameter 'shippingStateLevelTax' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/bean/PriceInfoVO.java:794:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shippingCountyLevelTax
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/bean/PriceInfoVO.java:794:	Parameter 'shippingCountyLevelTax' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/calculator/BBBOrderSubtotalCalculator.java:21:	The class 'BBBOrderSubtotalCalculator' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 13 (Highest = 12).
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/calculator/BBBOrderSubtotalCalculator.java:24:	Parameter 'pOrder' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/calculator/BBBOrderSubtotalCalculator.java:24:	Parameter 'pPriceQuote' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/calculator/BBBOrderSubtotalCalculator.java:24:	The method 'priceOrder' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 12.
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/calculator/BBBOrderSubtotalCalculator.java:24:	The method priceOrder() has an NPath complexity of 222
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/calculator/BBBOrderSubtotalCalculator.java:25:	Parameter 'pLocale' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/calculator/BBBOrderSubtotalCalculator.java:25:	Parameter 'pPricingModel' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/calculator/BBBOrderSubtotalCalculator.java:26:	Parameter 'pExtraParameters' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/calculator/BBBOrderSubtotalCalculator.java:26:	Parameter 'pProfile' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/calculator/BBBOrderSubtotalCalculator.java:29:	Local variable 'adjustMentsList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/calculator/BBBOrderSubtotalCalculator.java:32:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'storeSubtotal' (lines '32'-'66').
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/calculator/BBBOrderSubtotalCalculator.java:33:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'rawTotal' (lines '33'-'98').
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/calculator/BBBOrderSubtotalCalculator.java:33:	Local variable 'rawTotal' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/calculator/BBBOrderSubtotalCalculator.java:35:	Local variable 'commerceItems' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/calculator/BBBOrderSubtotalCalculator.java:36:	Local variable 'itemIterator' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/calculator/BBBOrderSubtotalCalculator.java:60:	Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/calculator/SubTotalRangeCalculator.java:30:	The class 'SubTotalRangeCalculator' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 5 (Highest = 15).
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/calculator/SubTotalRangeCalculator.java:54:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'commerceItemRelationship' (lines '54'-'135').
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/calculator/SubTotalRangeCalculator.java:54:	Parameter 'pOrder' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/calculator/SubTotalRangeCalculator.java:54:	Parameter 'pPriceQuote' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/calculator/SubTotalRangeCalculator.java:54:	The method 'priceShippingGroup' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 15.
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/calculator/SubTotalRangeCalculator.java:55:	Parameter 'pPricingModel' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/calculator/SubTotalRangeCalculator.java:55:	Parameter 'pShippingGroup' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/calculator/SubTotalRangeCalculator.java:56:	Parameter 'pExtraParameters' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/calculator/SubTotalRangeCalculator.java:56:	Parameter 'pLocale' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/calculator/SubTotalRangeCalculator.java:56:	Parameter 'pProfile' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/calculator/SubTotalRangeCalculator.java:63:	No need to check for null before an instanceof
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/calculator/SubTotalRangeCalculator.java:66:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/calculator/SubTotalRangeCalculator.java:79:	Local variable 'shippingCharges' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/calculator/SubTotalRangeCalculator.java:84:	Local variable 'surchargeCharges' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/calculator/SubTotalRangeCalculator.java:112:	Local variable 'shipMethodVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/calculator/SubTotalRangeCalculator.java:132:	Local variable 'ciRels' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/calculator/SubTotalRangeCalculator.java:133:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'tempCI' (lines '133'-'135').
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/calculator/SubTotalRangeCalculator.java:133:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'tempCI' (lines '133'-'147').
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/calculator/SubTotalRangeCalculator.java:134:	Avoid excessively long variable names like commerceItemRelationship
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/calculator/SubTotalRangeCalculator.java:134:	Local variable 'commerceItemRelationship' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/calculator/SubTotalRangeCalculator.java:155:	Parameter 'pShippingGroup' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/calculator/SubTotalRangeCalculator.java:157:	No need to check for null before an instanceof
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/droplet/BBBPriceDisplayDroplet.java:12:	A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/droplet/BBBPriceDisplayDroplet.java:59:	The class 'BBBPriceDisplayDroplet' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 5 (Highest = 18).
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/droplet/BBBPriceDisplayDroplet.java:77:	The method 'service' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 12.
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/droplet/BBBPriceDisplayDroplet.java:102:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shippingMethodDescription
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/droplet/BBBPriceDisplayDroplet.java:102:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'shippingMethodDescription' (lines '102'-'108').
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/droplet/BBBPriceDisplayDroplet.java:102:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'shippingMethodDescription' (lines '102'-'149').
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/droplet/BBBPriceDisplayDroplet.java:158:	The String literal "unchecked" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 158
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/droplet/BBBPriceDisplayDroplet.java:159:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'unitPriceBean' (lines '159'-'204').
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/droplet/BBBPriceDisplayDroplet.java:162:	Local variable 'priceInfoVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/droplet/BBBPriceDisplayDroplet.java:163:	Avoid excessively long variable names like undiscountedItemsCount
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/droplet/BBBPriceDisplayDroplet.java:163:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'undiscountedItemsCount' (lines '163'-'216').
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/droplet/BBBPriceDisplayDroplet.java:165:	Avoid excessively long variable names like itemPromotionVOList
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/droplet/BBBPriceDisplayDroplet.java:165:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'itemPromotionVOList' (lines '165'-'216').
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/droplet/BBBPriceDisplayDroplet.java:165:	Local variable 'itemPromotionVOList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/droplet/BBBPriceDisplayDroplet.java:169:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'savedAmount' (lines '169'-'185').
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/droplet/BBBPriceDisplayDroplet.java:169:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'savedAmount' (lines '169'-'216').
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/droplet/BBBPriceDisplayDroplet.java:170:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'savedPercentage' (lines '170'-'193').
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/droplet/BBBPriceDisplayDroplet.java:170:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'savedPercentage' (lines '170'-'216').
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/droplet/BBBPriceDisplayDroplet.java:171:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'savedUnitAmount' (lines '171'-'188').
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/droplet/BBBPriceDisplayDroplet.java:171:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'savedUnitAmount' (lines '171'-'216').
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/droplet/BBBPriceDisplayDroplet.java:172:	Avoid excessively long variable names like savedUnitPercentage
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/droplet/BBBPriceDisplayDroplet.java:172:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'savedUnitPercentage' (lines '172'-'195').
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/droplet/BBBPriceDisplayDroplet.java:172:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'savedUnitPercentage' (lines '172'-'216').
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/droplet/BBBPriceDisplayDroplet.java:175:	Local variable 'priceInfo' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/droplet/BBBPriceDisplayDroplet.java:202:	Local variable 'priceBeans' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/droplet/BBBPriceDisplayDroplet.java:203:	Local variable 'unitPriceBean' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/droplet/BBBPriceDisplayDroplet.java:229:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'commerceItemRelationship' (lines '229'-'246').
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/droplet/BBBPriceDisplayDroplet.java:229:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'unitPriceBean' (lines '229'-'253').
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/droplet/BBBPriceDisplayDroplet.java:229:	The method 'getShippingPriceInfo' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 18.
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/droplet/BBBPriceDisplayDroplet.java:229:	The method getShippingPriceInfo() has an NPath complexity of 1301
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/droplet/BBBPriceDisplayDroplet.java:232:	Avoid excessively long variable names like commerceItemRelationshipList
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/droplet/BBBPriceDisplayDroplet.java:232:	Local variable 'commerceItemRelationshipList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/droplet/BBBPriceDisplayDroplet.java:234:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ecoFee' (lines '234'-'268').
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/droplet/BBBPriceDisplayDroplet.java:235:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'shippingTaxInfo' (lines '235'-'273').
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/droplet/BBBPriceDisplayDroplet.java:235:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'shippingTaxInfo' (lines '235'-'317').
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/droplet/BBBPriceDisplayDroplet.java:237:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shippingGroupItemsSavedAmount
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/droplet/BBBPriceDisplayDroplet.java:238:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shippingGroupItemsTotalListPrice
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/droplet/BBBPriceDisplayDroplet.java:239:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shippingGroupSavedPercentage
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/droplet/BBBPriceDisplayDroplet.java:239:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'shippingGroupSavedPercentage' (lines '239'-'290').
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/droplet/BBBPriceDisplayDroplet.java:241:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shippingGroupItemsTotal
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/droplet/BBBPriceDisplayDroplet.java:245:	Avoid excessively long variable names like commerceItemRelationship
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/droplet/BBBPriceDisplayDroplet.java:245:	Local variable 'commerceItemRelationship' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/droplet/BBBPriceDisplayDroplet.java:246:	Local variable 'commerceItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/droplet/BBBPriceDisplayDroplet.java:249:	Local variable 'relationshipRange' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/droplet/BBBPriceDisplayDroplet.java:250:	Local variable 'priceBeans' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/droplet/BBBPriceDisplayDroplet.java:252:	Local variable 'unitPriceBean' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/droplet/BBBPriceDisplayDroplet.java:256:	Local variable 'itemSavedAmount' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/droplet/BBBPriceDisplayDroplet.java:262:	No need to check for null before an instanceof
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/droplet/BBBPriceDisplayDroplet.java:267:	No need to check for null before an instanceof
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/droplet/BBBPriceDisplayDroplet.java:272:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/droplet/BBBPriceDisplayDroplet.java:297:	Local variable 'shippingPriceInfo' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/droplet/BBBPriceDisplayDroplet.java:331:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ecoFee' (lines '331'-'349').
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/droplet/BBBPriceDisplayDroplet.java:332:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ecoFeeMap' (lines '332'-'335').
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/droplet/BBBPriceDisplayDroplet.java:342:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ecoFeeCommerceItemId
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/droplet/BBBPriceDisplayDroplet.java:342:	Local variable 'ecoFeeCommerceItemId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/droplet/BBBPriceDisplayDroplet.java:347:	Local variable 'ecoFeeCI' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/droplet/BBBPriceDisplayDroplet.java:369:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shippingGroupCommerceItemRelationship
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/droplet/BBBPriceDisplayDroplet.java:369:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'unitPriceBean' (lines '369'-'377').
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/droplet/BBBPriceDisplayDroplet.java:370:	Local variable 'priceInfoVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/droplet/BBBPriceDisplayDroplet.java:371:	Avoid excessively long variable names like undiscountedItemsCount
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/droplet/BBBPriceDisplayDroplet.java:372:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shippingGroupItemTotal
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/droplet/BBBPriceDisplayDroplet.java:373:	Local variable 'relationshipRange' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/droplet/BBBPriceDisplayDroplet.java:374:	Local variable 'priceBeans' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/droplet/BBBPriceDisplayDroplet.java:376:	Local variable 'unitPriceBean' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/droplet/BBBPriceDisplayDroplet.java:389:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'ci' (lines '389'-'396').
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/droplet/BBBPriceDisplayDroplet.java:392:	Local variable 'commerceItemsList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/droplet/BBBPriceDisplayDroplet.java:395:	Avoid variables with short names like ci
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/droplet/BBBPriceDisplayDroplet.java:395:	Local variable 'ci' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/droplet/BBBPriceDisplayDroplet.java:418:	Parameter 'pPricingTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/droplet/BBBPriceDisplayDroplet.java:426:	Parameter 'pPromotionTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/pricing/droplet/BBBPriceDisplayDroplet.java:440:	Parameter 'pCatalogTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/droplet/ListPriceSalePriceDroplet.java:38:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'productId' (lines '38'-'42').
src/com/bbb/common/droplet/ListPriceSalePriceDroplet.java:39:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'skuId' (lines '39'-'43').
src/com/bbb/common/droplet/ListPriceSalePriceDroplet.java:45:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'salePrice' (lines '45'-'48').
src/com/bbb/common/droplet/ListPriceSalePriceDroplet.java:46:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'listPrice' (lines '46'-'49').
src/com/bbb/common/droplet/ListPriceSalePriceDroplet.java:75:	Parameter 'catalogTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/droplet/ShippingDaysVO.java:15:	Parameter 'pMinDay' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/droplet/ShippingDaysVO.java:27:	Parameter 'pMaxDay' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/droplet/ShippingMethodDroplet.java:16:	Avoid unused imports such as 'atg.multisite.SiteContext'
src/com/bbb/common/droplet/ShippingMethodDroplet.java:16:	Avoid unused imports such as 'atg.multisite.SiteContext'
src/com/bbb/common/droplet/ShippingMethodDroplet.java:18:	Avoid unused imports such as 'atg.multisite.SiteManager'
src/com/bbb/common/droplet/ShippingMethodDroplet.java:18:	Avoid unused imports such as 'atg.multisite.SiteManager'
src/com/bbb/common/droplet/ShippingMethodDroplet.java:40:	The class 'ShippingMethodDroplet' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 6 (Highest = 10).
src/com/bbb/common/droplet/ShippingMethodDroplet.java:42:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mShippingMethodManager
src/com/bbb/common/droplet/ShippingMethodDroplet.java:57:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pShippingMethodManager
src/com/bbb/common/droplet/ShippingMethodDroplet.java:57:	Parameter 'pShippingMethodManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/droplet/ShippingMethodDroplet.java:76:	Parameter 'pRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/droplet/ShippingMethodDroplet.java:77:	Parameter 'pResponse' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/droplet/ShippingMethodDroplet.java:85:	Local variable 'requestType' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/droplet/ShippingMethodDroplet.java:107:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'appShipMethodPriceVO' (lines '107'-'115').
src/com/bbb/common/droplet/ShippingMethodDroplet.java:107:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'shippingMenthod' (lines '107'-'115').
src/com/bbb/common/droplet/ShippingMethodDroplet.java:107:	Parameter 'pRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/droplet/ShippingMethodDroplet.java:108:	Parameter 'pResponse' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/droplet/ShippingMethodDroplet.java:110:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mAppShipMethodPriceVO
src/com/bbb/common/droplet/ShippingMethodDroplet.java:110:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'mAppShipMethodPriceVO' (lines '110'-'122').
src/com/bbb/common/droplet/ShippingMethodDroplet.java:112:	Avoid excessively long variable names like sortedAppShipMethodPriceVO
src/com/bbb/common/droplet/ShippingMethodDroplet.java:112:	Local variable 'sortedAppShipMethodPriceVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/droplet/ShippingMethodDroplet.java:113:	Local variable 'shippingMenthod' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/droplet/ShippingMethodDroplet.java:114:	Avoid excessively long variable names like appShipMethodPriceVO
src/com/bbb/common/droplet/ShippingMethodDroplet.java:114:	Local variable 'appShipMethodPriceVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/droplet/ShippingMethodDroplet.java:137:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'pShippingMethod' (lines '137'-'162').
src/com/bbb/common/droplet/ShippingMethodDroplet.java:137:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'shippingMenthod' (lines '137'-'162').
src/com/bbb/common/droplet/ShippingMethodDroplet.java:137:	The method 'getShippingPriceTableDetailService' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/com/bbb/common/droplet/ShippingMethodDroplet.java:138:	Parameter 'pRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/droplet/ShippingMethodDroplet.java:139:	Parameter 'pResponse' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/droplet/ShippingMethodDroplet.java:146:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shippingPriceTableDetail1
src/com/bbb/common/droplet/ShippingMethodDroplet.java:146:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'shippingPriceTableDetail1' (lines '146'-'157').
src/com/bbb/common/droplet/ShippingMethodDroplet.java:150:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'siteId' (lines '150'-'153').
src/com/bbb/common/droplet/ShippingMethodDroplet.java:158:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'shippingMethods' (lines '158'-'187').
src/com/bbb/common/droplet/ShippingMethodDroplet.java:158:	Local variable 'shippingMethods' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/droplet/ShippingMethodDroplet.java:159:	Avoid excessively long variable names like sortedShippingMethods
src/com/bbb/common/droplet/ShippingMethodDroplet.java:159:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'sortedShippingMethods' (lines '159'-'187').
src/com/bbb/common/droplet/ShippingMethodDroplet.java:159:	Local variable 'sortedShippingMethods' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/droplet/ShippingMethodDroplet.java:160:	Local variable 'shippingMenthod' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/droplet/ShippingMethodDroplet.java:161:	Local variable 'pShippingMethod' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/droplet/ShippingMethodDroplet.java:167:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/common/droplet/ShippingMethodDroplet.java:202:	The method 'getShippingMethodDetailsService' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/com/bbb/common/droplet/ShippingMethodDroplet.java:203:	Parameter 'pRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/droplet/ShippingMethodDroplet.java:204:	Parameter 'pResponse' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/droplet/ShippingMethodDroplet.java:213:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'siteId' (lines '213'-'216').
src/com/bbb/common/droplet/ShippingMethodDroplet.java:220:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shippingMethodDetails
src/com/bbb/common/droplet/ShippingMethodDroplet.java:220:	Local variable 'shippingMethodDetails' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/droplet/ShippingMethodDroplet.java:259:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'list' (lines '259'-'283').
src/com/bbb/common/droplet/ShippingMethodDroplet.java:259:	The method 'getShippingMethodDetails' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/com/bbb/common/droplet/ShippingMethodDroplet.java:264:	Local variable 'pRequest' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/droplet/ShippingMethodDroplet.java:265:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'pResponse' (lines '265'-'309').
src/com/bbb/common/droplet/ShippingMethodDroplet.java:265:	Local variable 'pResponse' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/droplet/ShippingMethodDroplet.java:266:	Local variable 'siteId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/droplet/ShippingMethodDroplet.java:275:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shippingMethodDetails
src/com/bbb/common/droplet/ShippingMethodDroplet.java:275:	Local variable 'shippingMethodDetails' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/droplet/ShippingMethodDroplet.java:279:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shippingMethodDetailsCopy
src/com/bbb/common/droplet/ShippingMethodDroplet.java:279:	Local variable 'shippingMethodDetailsCopy' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/droplet/ShippingMethodDroplet.java:280:	Local variable 'keySet' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/droplet/ShippingMethodDroplet.java:281:	Local variable 'list' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/droplet/ShippingMethodDroplet.java:282:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shippingDaysVOList
src/com/bbb/common/droplet/ShippingMethodDroplet.java:282:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/common/droplet/ShippingMethodDroplet.java:282:	Local variable 'shippingDaysVOList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/droplet/ShippingMethodDroplet.java:283:	Local variable 'key' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/droplet/ShippingMethodDroplet.java:284:	Local variable 'daysList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/droplet/ShippingMethodDroplet.java:285:	Local variable 'itrDays' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/droplet/ShippingMethodDroplet.java:287:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/common/droplet/ShippingMethodDroplet.java:287:	Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/com/bbb/common/droplet/ShippingMethodDroplet.java:287:	Local variable 'vo' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/droplet/ShippingMethodDroplet.java:288:	Local variable 'day1' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/droplet/ShippingMethodDroplet.java:290:	Local variable 'day2' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/droplet/ShippingMethodDroplet.java:300:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/com/bbb/common/droplet/ShippingMethodDroplet.java:302:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/com/bbb/common/droplet/ShippingMethodDroplet.java:317:	The method 'getShippingPriceTableDetail' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/com/bbb/common/droplet/ShippingMethodDroplet.java:322:	Local variable 'pRequest' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/droplet/ShippingMethodDroplet.java:323:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'pResponse' (lines '323'-'354').
src/com/bbb/common/droplet/ShippingMethodDroplet.java:323:	Local variable 'pResponse' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/droplet/ShippingMethodDroplet.java:324:	An empty statement (semicolon) not part of a loop
src/com/bbb/common/droplet/ShippingMethodDroplet.java:324:	Local variable 'siteId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/droplet/ShippingMethodDroplet.java:333:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shippingPriceTableDetail
src/com/bbb/common/droplet/ShippingMethodDroplet.java:333:	Local variable 'shippingPriceTableDetail' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/droplet/ShippingMethodDroplet.java:334:	Local variable 'shippingMethods' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/droplet/ShippingMethodDroplet.java:338:	Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/com/bbb/common/droplet/ShippingMethodDroplet.java:338:	Local variable 'vo' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/droplet/ShippingMethodDroplet.java:345:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/com/bbb/common/droplet/ShippingMethodDroplet.java:347:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/com/bbb/common/droplet/ShippingMethodDroplet.java:358:	Parameter 'sortSequence' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/droplet/ShippingMethodDropletVO.java:15:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mShippingPriceTableDetail
src/com/bbb/common/droplet/ShippingMethodDropletVO.java:26:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pShippingPriceTableDetail
src/com/bbb/common/droplet/ShippingMethodDropletVO.java:26:	Parameter 'pShippingPriceTableDetail' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/droplet/ShippingMethodDropletVO.java:38:	Parameter 'pShippingMethods' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/manager/ShippingMethodManager.java:1:	A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
src/com/bbb/common/manager/ShippingMethodManager.java:53:	The class 'ShippingMethodManager' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 17).
src/com/bbb/common/manager/ShippingMethodManager.java:68:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shippingMethodsDroplet
src/com/bbb/common/manager/ShippingMethodManager.java:76:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shippingMethodsDroplet
src/com/bbb/common/manager/ShippingMethodManager.java:76:	Parameter 'shippingMethodsDroplet' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/manager/ShippingMethodManager.java:90:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mShippingGroupManager
src/com/bbb/common/manager/ShippingMethodManager.java:102:	Parameter 'pPricingTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/manager/ShippingMethodManager.java:142:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SINGLE_SHIPPING_MODE
src/com/bbb/common/manager/ShippingMethodManager.java:143:	Avoid excessively long variable names like MULTI_SHIPPING_MODE
src/com/bbb/common/manager/ShippingMethodManager.java:152:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'current' (lines '152'-'174').
src/com/bbb/common/manager/ShippingMethodManager.java:152:	Parameter 'pSiteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/manager/ShippingMethodManager.java:158:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'shipPriceTableMap' (lines '158'-'193').
src/com/bbb/common/manager/ShippingMethodManager.java:163:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shippingMethodDetails
src/com/bbb/common/manager/ShippingMethodManager.java:169:	Local variable 'current' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/manager/ShippingMethodManager.java:171:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'stateItem' (lines '171'-'171').
src/com/bbb/common/manager/ShippingMethodManager.java:171:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'stateItem' (lines '171'-'175').
src/com/bbb/common/manager/ShippingMethodManager.java:171:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'stateItem' (lines '171'-'208').
src/com/bbb/common/manager/ShippingMethodManager.java:172:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'state' (lines '172'-'176').
src/com/bbb/common/manager/ShippingMethodManager.java:216:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pShippingMethodDetail
src/com/bbb/common/manager/ShippingMethodManager.java:216:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'curr' (lines '216'-'295').
src/com/bbb/common/manager/ShippingMethodManager.java:216:	The method 'addPricingMethod' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 15.
src/com/bbb/common/manager/ShippingMethodManager.java:216:	The method addPricingMethod() has an NPath complexity of 4032
src/com/bbb/common/manager/ShippingMethodManager.java:223:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'minOrderPrice' (lines '223'-'228').
src/com/bbb/common/manager/ShippingMethodManager.java:224:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'maxOrderPrice' (lines '224'-'233').
src/com/bbb/common/manager/ShippingMethodManager.java:224:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'maxOrderPrice' (lines '224'-'312').
src/com/bbb/common/manager/ShippingMethodManager.java:241:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'stateName' (lines '241'-'244').
src/com/bbb/common/manager/ShippingMethodManager.java:241:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'stateName' (lines '241'-'312').
src/com/bbb/common/manager/ShippingMethodManager.java:246:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'stateName' (lines '246'-'312').
src/com/bbb/common/manager/ShippingMethodManager.java:248:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'stateName' (lines '248'-'312').
src/com/bbb/common/manager/ShippingMethodManager.java:253:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shippingMethodName
src/com/bbb/common/manager/ShippingMethodManager.java:253:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'shippingMethodName' (lines '253'-'257').
src/com/bbb/common/manager/ShippingMethodManager.java:253:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'shippingMethodName' (lines '253'-'312').
src/com/bbb/common/manager/ShippingMethodManager.java:257:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'shippingMethodName' (lines '257'-'312').
src/com/bbb/common/manager/ShippingMethodManager.java:262:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'shippingPrice' (lines '262'-'267').
src/com/bbb/common/manager/ShippingMethodManager.java:262:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'shippingPrice' (lines '262'-'312').
src/com/bbb/common/manager/ShippingMethodManager.java:267:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'shippingPrice' (lines '267'-'312').
src/com/bbb/common/manager/ShippingMethodManager.java:272:	Avoid excessively long variable names like statesShippingMethodPriceVO
src/com/bbb/common/manager/ShippingMethodManager.java:277:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pAppShipMethodPriceVO
src/com/bbb/common/manager/ShippingMethodManager.java:278:	Avoid excessively long variable names like appShipMethodPriceVO
src/com/bbb/common/manager/ShippingMethodManager.java:291:	Avoid excessively long variable names like appShipMethodPriceVOList
src/com/bbb/common/manager/ShippingMethodManager.java:292:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'exists' (lines '292'-'296').
src/com/bbb/common/manager/ShippingMethodManager.java:294:	Local variable 'curr' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/manager/ShippingMethodManager.java:296:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'exists' (lines '296'-'296').
src/com/bbb/common/manager/ShippingMethodManager.java:301:	Avoid excessively long variable names like appShipMethodPriceVOEx
src/com/bbb/common/manager/ShippingMethodManager.java:320:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'current' (lines '320'-'331').
src/com/bbb/common/manager/ShippingMethodManager.java:320:	Parameter 'siteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/manager/ShippingMethodManager.java:327:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'shipMethods' (lines '327'-'329').
src/com/bbb/common/manager/ShippingMethodManager.java:330:	Local variable 'current' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/manager/ShippingMethodManager.java:348:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'shippingMethod' (lines '348'-'367').
src/com/bbb/common/manager/ShippingMethodManager.java:348:	Parameter 'siteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/manager/ShippingMethodManager.java:348:	The method 'getShippingMethodDetails' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 17.
src/com/bbb/common/manager/ShippingMethodManager.java:348:	The method getShippingMethodDetails() has an NPath complexity of 440
src/com/bbb/common/manager/ShippingMethodManager.java:355:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mMinDaysAdditionToAlHUU
src/com/bbb/common/manager/ShippingMethodManager.java:356:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mMaxDaysAdditionToAlHUU
src/com/bbb/common/manager/ShippingMethodManager.java:357:	Avoid excessively long variable names like unSortedshippingMethodDetails
src/com/bbb/common/manager/ShippingMethodManager.java:358:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shippingMethodDetails
src/com/bbb/common/manager/ShippingMethodManager.java:358:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'shippingMethodDetails' (lines '358'-'429').
src/com/bbb/common/manager/ShippingMethodManager.java:363:	Local variable 'shippingMethod' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/manager/ShippingMethodManager.java:365:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/common/manager/ShippingMethodManager.java:365:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'businessDays' (lines '365'-'365').
src/com/bbb/common/manager/ShippingMethodManager.java:365:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'businessDays' (lines '365'-'443').
src/com/bbb/common/manager/ShippingMethodManager.java:369:	Local variable 'shippingDuration' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/manager/ShippingMethodManager.java:370:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shippingMethodName
src/com/bbb/common/manager/ShippingMethodManager.java:370:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'shippingMethodName' (lines '370'-'376').
src/com/bbb/common/manager/ShippingMethodManager.java:371:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'minDaysToShip' (lines '371'-'382').
src/com/bbb/common/manager/ShippingMethodManager.java:372:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'maxDaysToShip' (lines '372'-'385').
src/com/bbb/common/manager/ShippingMethodManager.java:396:	Position literals first in String comparisons
src/com/bbb/common/manager/ShippingMethodManager.java:427:	Local variable 'valueComparator' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/manager/ShippingMethodManager.java:511:	Parameter 'map' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/manager/ShippingMethodManager.java:517:	Avoid variables with short names like a
src/com/bbb/common/manager/ShippingMethodManager.java:517:	Avoid variables with short names like b
src/com/bbb/common/manager/ShippingMethodManager.java:517:	Parameter 'a' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/manager/ShippingMethodManager.java:517:	Parameter 'b' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/manager/ShippingMethodManager.java:520:	Local variable 'sizeLst1' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/manager/ShippingMethodManager.java:521:	Local variable 'sizeLst2' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/manager/ShippingMethodManager.java:523:	Local variable 'maxShippingDays1' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/manager/ShippingMethodManager.java:524:	Local variable 'maxShippingDays2' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/manager/ShippingMethodManager.java:525:	Avoid variables with short names like k
src/com/bbb/common/manager/ShippingMethodManager.java:525:	Local variable 'k' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/manager/ShippingMethodManager.java:546:	Parameter 'shippingMode' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/manager/ShippingMethodManager.java:546:	The method 'getShippingMethodsFromCurrentOrder' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 16.
src/com/bbb/common/manager/ShippingMethodManager.java:546:	The method getShippingMethodsFromCurrentOrder() has an NPath complexity of 256
src/com/bbb/common/manager/ShippingMethodManager.java:552:	Local variable 'pRequest' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/manager/ShippingMethodManager.java:554:	Local variable 'cart' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/manager/ShippingMethodManager.java:555:	Local variable 'order' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/manager/ShippingMethodManager.java:556:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'operationParam' (lines '556'-'571').
src/com/bbb/common/manager/ShippingMethodManager.java:556:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'operationParam' (lines '556'-'573').
src/com/bbb/common/manager/ShippingMethodManager.java:556:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'operationParam' (lines '556'-'609').
src/com/bbb/common/manager/ShippingMethodManager.java:557:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shipMethodsResponse
src/com/bbb/common/manager/ShippingMethodManager.java:557:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'shipMethodsResponse' (lines '557'-'589').
src/com/bbb/common/manager/ShippingMethodManager.java:557:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'shipMethodsResponse' (lines '557'-'609').
src/com/bbb/common/manager/ShippingMethodManager.java:589:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'shipMethodsResponse' (lines '589'-'609').
src/com/bbb/common/manager/ShippingMethodManager.java:595:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/com/bbb/common/manager/ShippingMethodManager.java:595:	The String literal "Error occurred while fetching data" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 595
src/com/bbb/common/manager/ShippingMethodManager.java:600:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/com/bbb/common/manager/ShippingMethodManager.java:622:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'shipMethod' (lines '622'-'635').
src/com/bbb/common/manager/ShippingMethodManager.java:622:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'shipMethodsSkuMap' (lines '622'-'665').
src/com/bbb/common/manager/ShippingMethodManager.java:622:	Parameter 'operationMode' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/manager/ShippingMethodManager.java:622:	Parameter 'pRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/manager/ShippingMethodManager.java:622:	The method 'populateShipMethodsResponse' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 12.
src/com/bbb/common/manager/ShippingMethodManager.java:624:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shipMethodsResponse
src/com/bbb/common/manager/ShippingMethodManager.java:624:	Local variable 'shipMethodsResponse' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/manager/ShippingMethodManager.java:625:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'shipMethodsVORest' (lines '625'-'664').
src/com/bbb/common/manager/ShippingMethodManager.java:625:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'shipMethodsVORest' (lines '625'-'676').
src/com/bbb/common/manager/ShippingMethodManager.java:626:	Avoid excessively long variable names like shipMethodRestList
src/com/bbb/common/manager/ShippingMethodManager.java:626:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'shipMethodRestList' (lines '626'-'676').
src/com/bbb/common/manager/ShippingMethodManager.java:626:	Local variable 'shipMethodRestList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/manager/ShippingMethodManager.java:631:	Local variable 'shipMethodVOList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/manager/ShippingMethodManager.java:632:	Local variable 'shipMethod' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/manager/ShippingMethodManager.java:635:	Local variable 'shippingDuration' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/manager/ShippingMethodManager.java:637:	Local variable 'maxDaysToShip' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/manager/ShippingMethodManager.java:638:	Local variable 'minDaysToShip' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/manager/ShippingMethodManager.java:646:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/com/bbb/common/manager/ShippingMethodManager.java:651:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/com/bbb/common/manager/ShippingMethodManager.java:659:	Local variable 'skuMethodsMap' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/manager/ShippingMethodManager.java:663:	Local variable 'shipMethodsSkuMap' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/manager/ShippingMethodManager.java:664:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/common/scheduler/InvalidateDropletCacheScheduler.java:34:	The class 'InvalidateDropletCacheScheduler' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 2 (Highest = 13).
src/com/bbb/common/scheduler/InvalidateDropletCacheScheduler.java:38:	Avoid excessively long variable names like cachaInvalidatorMessageSource
src/com/bbb/common/scheduler/InvalidateDropletCacheScheduler.java:39:	Avoid excessively long variable names like coherenceCacheListener
src/com/bbb/common/scheduler/InvalidateDropletCacheScheduler.java:70:	Avoid excessively long variable names like cachaInvalidatorMessageSource
src/com/bbb/common/scheduler/InvalidateDropletCacheScheduler.java:70:	Parameter 'cachaInvalidatorMessageSource' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/scheduler/InvalidateDropletCacheScheduler.java:86:	Avoid excessively long variable names like coherenceCacheListener
src/com/bbb/common/scheduler/InvalidateDropletCacheScheduler.java:86:	Parameter 'coherenceCacheListener' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/scheduler/InvalidateDropletCacheScheduler.java:101:	Parameter 'searchManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/scheduler/InvalidateDropletCacheScheduler.java:115:	Parameter 'siteMap' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/scheduler/InvalidateDropletCacheScheduler.java:144:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'entry' (lines '144'-'171').
src/com/bbb/common/scheduler/InvalidateDropletCacheScheduler.java:144:	The method 'doClearDropletCaches' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 13.
src/com/bbb/common/scheduler/InvalidateDropletCacheScheduler.java:144:	The method doClearDropletCaches() has an NPath complexity of 322
src/com/bbb/common/scheduler/InvalidateDropletCacheScheduler.java:148:	Local variable 'startTime' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/scheduler/InvalidateDropletCacheScheduler.java:167:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'pCatalogRef' (lines '167'-'210').
src/com/bbb/common/scheduler/InvalidateDropletCacheScheduler.java:167:	Local variable 'pCatalogRef' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/scheduler/InvalidateDropletCacheScheduler.java:168:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'pSearchQuery' (lines '168'-'210').
src/com/bbb/common/scheduler/InvalidateDropletCacheScheduler.java:168:	Local variable 'pSearchQuery' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/scheduler/InvalidateDropletCacheScheduler.java:169:	Local variable 'entry' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/scheduler/InvalidateDropletCacheScheduler.java:171:	Local variable 'currentSiteId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/scheduler/InvalidateDropletCacheScheduler.java:172:	Local variable 'rootCategory' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/scheduler/InvalidateDropletCacheScheduler.java:200:	Local variable 'endTime' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/scheduler/InvalidateObjectCacheScheduler.java:67:	Local variable 'startTime' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/scheduler/InvalidateObjectCacheScheduler.java:78:	Avoid variables with short names like st
src/com/bbb/common/scheduler/InvalidateObjectCacheScheduler.java:78:	Local variable 'st' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/scheduler/InvalidateObjectCacheScheduler.java:81:	Local variable 'cacheName' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/scheduler/InvalidateObjectCacheScheduler.java:86:	Local variable 'endTime' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/scheduler/InvalidateObjectCacheScheduler.java:97:	Parameter 'cacheName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/scheduler/InvalidateObjectCacheScheduler.java:98:	Local variable 'objectCache' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/scheduler/InvalidateObjectCacheScheduler.java:108:	Parameter 'mObjectCache' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/vo/AppShipMethodPriceVO.java:15:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mAppShipMethodName
src/com/bbb/common/vo/AppShipMethodPriceVO.java:22:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mAppShipMethodName
src/com/bbb/common/vo/AppShipMethodPriceVO.java:31:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mAppShipMethodName
src/com/bbb/common/vo/AppShipMethodPriceVO.java:50:	StringBuffer constructor is initialized with size 16, but has at least 50 characters appended.
src/com/bbb/common/vo/AppShipMethodPriceVO.java:55:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/common/vo/AppShipMethodPriceVO.java:63:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pAppShipMethodPriceVO
src/com/bbb/common/vo/CommerceItemShipInfoVO.java:20:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mShippingGroupType
src/com/bbb/common/vo/CommerceItemShipInfoVO.java:22:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mShippingGroupName
src/com/bbb/common/vo/CommerceItemShipInfoVO.java:37:	Parameter 'addressId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/vo/CommerceItemShipInfoVO.java:45:	Parameter 'mCommerceItemId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/vo/CommerceItemShipInfoVO.java:53:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mShippingGroupType
src/com/bbb/common/vo/CommerceItemShipInfoVO.java:53:	Parameter 'mShippingGroupType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/vo/CommerceItemShipInfoVO.java:61:	Parameter 'storeId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/vo/CommerceItemShipInfoVO.java:69:	Parameter 'shippingMethod' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/vo/CommerceItemShipInfoVO.java:77:	Parameter 'shippingGroupName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/vo/CommerceItemShipInfoVO.java:88:	Parameter 'bbbAddress' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/vo/CommerceItemShipInfoVO.java:92:	Parameter 'jsonString' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/vo/CommerceItemShipInfoVO.java:95:	Local variable 'jsonObject' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/vo/CommerceItemShipInfoVO.java:101:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/com/bbb/common/vo/CommerceItemShipInfoVO.java:109:	Parameter 'mPackAndHoldDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/vo/CommerceItemShipInfoVO.java:119:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/com/bbb/common/vo/CommerceItemShipInfoVO.java:125:	Parameter 'mGiftMessage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/vo/CommerceItemShipInfoVO.java:129:	A getX() method which returns a boolean should be named isX()
src/com/bbb/common/vo/CommerceItemShipInfoVO.java:133:	Parameter 'mGiftWrap' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/vo/CommerceItemShipInfoVO.java:137:	A getX() method which returns a boolean should be named isX()
src/com/bbb/common/vo/CommerceItemShipInfoVO.java:141:	Parameter 'mGiftingFlag' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/vo/PromotionVO.java:29:	Parameter 'quantity' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/vo/PromotionVO.java:41:	Parameter 'discountedPrice' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/vo/PromotionVO.java:53:	Parameter 'pricingModel' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/vo/ShippingInfoKey.java:5:	The class 'ShippingInfoKey' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 10).
src/com/bbb/common/vo/ShippingInfoKey.java:13:	Parameter 'minOrderPrice' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/vo/ShippingInfoKey.java:21:	Parameter 'maxOrderPrice' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/vo/ShippingInfoKey.java:27:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'compare' (lines '27'-'31').
src/com/bbb/common/vo/ShippingInfoKey.java:27:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'compare' (lines '27'-'33').
src/com/bbb/common/vo/ShippingInfoKey.java:42:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '42'-'43').
src/com/bbb/common/vo/ShippingInfoKey.java:51:	The method 'equals' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/com/bbb/common/vo/ShippingInfoKey.java:81:	StringBuffer constructor is initialized with size 16, but has at least 50 characters appended.
src/com/bbb/common/vo/ShippingInfoKey.java:86:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/common/vo/ShippingMethodPriceVO.java:16:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mShippingMethodName
src/com/bbb/common/vo/ShippingMethodPriceVO.java:29:	Parameter 'pMaxOrderPrice' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/vo/ShippingMethodPriceVO.java:29:	Parameter 'pMinOrderPrice' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/vo/ShippingMethodPriceVO.java:30:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pShippingMethodName
src/com/bbb/common/vo/ShippingMethodPriceVO.java:30:	Parameter 'pShippingMethodName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/vo/ShippingMethodPriceVO.java:30:	Parameter 'pShippingPrice' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/vo/ShippingMethodPriceVO.java:30:	Parameter 'pStateName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/vo/ShippingMethodPriceVO.java:50:	Parameter 'pMinOrderPrice' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/vo/ShippingMethodPriceVO.java:65:	Parameter 'pMaxOrderPrice' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/vo/ShippingMethodPriceVO.java:80:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pShippingMethodName
src/com/bbb/common/vo/ShippingMethodPriceVO.java:80:	Parameter 'pShippingMethodName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/vo/ShippingMethodPriceVO.java:95:	Parameter 'pShippingPrice' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/vo/ShippingMethodPriceVO.java:110:	Parameter 'pStateName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/vo/StatesShippingMethodPriceVO.java:11:	Avoid unused imports such as 'atg.nucleus.GenericService'
src/com/bbb/common/vo/StatesShippingMethodPriceVO.java:11:	Avoid unused imports such as 'atg.nucleus.GenericService'
src/com/bbb/common/vo/StatesShippingMethodPriceVO.java:23:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mAppShipMethodPriceVO
src/com/bbb/common/vo/StatesShippingMethodPriceVO.java:65:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pAppShipMethodPriceVO
src/com/bbb/common/vo/StatesShippingMethodPriceVO.java:96:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'current' (lines '96'-'108').
src/com/bbb/common/vo/StatesShippingMethodPriceVO.java:97:	StringBuffer constructor is initialized with size 16, but has at least 99 characters appended.
src/com/bbb/common/vo/StatesShippingMethodPriceVO.java:107:	Local variable 'current' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/common/vo/StatesShippingMethodPriceVO.java:112:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/config/BBBCachedConfigureKeys.java:25:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mCachedConfiguredKeys
src/com/bbb/config/BBBCachedConfigureKeys.java:32:	A getX() method which returns a boolean should be named isX()
src/com/bbb/config/BBBCachedConfigureKeys.java:34:	Local variable 'repo' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/config/BBBCachedConfigureKeys.java:36:	Local variable 'descriptorNames' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/config/BBBCachedConfigureKeys.java:40:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'desc' (lines '40'-'43').
src/com/bbb/config/BBBCachedConfigureKeys.java:43:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/com/bbb/config/BBBCachedConfigureKeys.java:46:	Local variable 'itemCache' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/config/BBBCachedConfigureKeys.java:48:	Avoid variables with short names like it
src/com/bbb/config/BBBCachedConfigureKeys.java:48:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'it' (lines '48'-'48').
src/com/bbb/config/BBBCachedConfigureKeys.java:48:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'it' (lines '48'-'57').
src/com/bbb/config/BBBCachedConfigureKeys.java:48:	Local variable 'it' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/config/BBBCachedConfigureKeys.java:64:	Avoid excessively long variable names like cachedConfiguredKeys
src/com/bbb/config/BBBCachedConfigureKeys.java:64:	Parameter 'cachedConfiguredKeys' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/config/manager/ConfigTemplateManager.java:48:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'urlValue' (lines '48'-'55').
src/com/bbb/config/manager/ConfigTemplateManager.java:49:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'url' (lines '49'-'70').
src/com/bbb/config/manager/ConfigTemplateManager.java:49:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'url' (lines '49'-'72').
src/com/bbb/config/manager/ConfigTemplateManager.java:69:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0) with calls to isEmpty()
src/com/bbb/config/tags/ConfigTag.java:49:	Parameter 'configName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/config/tags/ConfigTag.java:64:	Parameter 'key' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/config/tags/ConfigTag.java:79:	Parameter 'language' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/config/tags/ConfigTag.java:95:	Parameter 'placeHolderMap' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/config/tags/ConfigTag.java:111:	Local variable 'request' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/config/tags/ConfigTag.java:119:	Local variable 'content' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/email/droplet/BBBEmailFetchDroplet.java:6:	Avoid unused imports such as 'atg.multisite.SiteContextManager'
src/com/bbb/email/droplet/BBBEmailFetchDroplet.java:6:	Avoid unused imports such as 'atg.multisite.SiteContextManager'
src/com/bbb/email/droplet/BBBEmailFetchDroplet.java:30:	Avoid excessively long variable names like emailPersistRepository
src/com/bbb/email/droplet/BBBEmailFetchDroplet.java:36:	Avoid excessively long variable names like emailPersistRepository
src/com/bbb/email/droplet/BBBEmailFetchDroplet.java:36:	Parameter 'emailPersistRepository' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/email/droplet/BBBEmailFetchDroplet.java:50:	Local variable 'idReceived' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/email/droplet/BBBEmailFetchDroplet.java:52:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/email/droplet/BBBEmailFetchDroplet.java:57:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'errMsg' (lines '57'-'101').
src/com/bbb/email/droplet/BBBEmailFetchDroplet.java:57:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'errMsg' (lines '57'-'112').
src/com/bbb/email/droplet/BBBEmailFetchDroplet.java:84:	Local variable 'uniqueEmailId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/email/droplet/BBBEmailFetchDroplet.java:90:	Local variable 'emailItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/email/droplet/BBBEmailFetchDroplet.java:136:	Parameter 'tokenId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/email/droplet/BBBEmailFetchDroplet.java:139:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'emailItemValue' (lines '139'-'154').
src/com/bbb/email/droplet/BBBEmailFetchDroplet.java:144:	Local variable 'request' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/email/droplet/BBBEmailFetchDroplet.java:145:	Local variable 'response' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/email/droplet/BBBEmailFetchDroplet.java:154:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'emailItemValue' (lines '154'-'166').
src/com/bbb/email/droplet/BBBEmailFetchDroplet.java:158:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/com/bbb/email/droplet/BBBEmailFetchDroplet.java:161:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/com/bbb/encrypt/BBBDecryptEncryptCreditCardTools.java:32:	The class 'BBBDecryptEncryptCreditCardTools' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 15).
src/com/bbb/encrypt/BBBDecryptEncryptCreditCardTools.java:37:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mTransactionManager
src/com/bbb/encrypt/BBBDecryptEncryptCreditCardTools.java:41:	Avoid excessively long variable names like creditCardBatchSize
src/com/bbb/encrypt/BBBDecryptEncryptCreditCardTools.java:42:	Avoid excessively long variable names like noOfRecordsEncrypted
src/com/bbb/encrypt/BBBDecryptEncryptCreditCardTools.java:48:	Avoid excessively long variable names like creditCardBatchSize
src/com/bbb/encrypt/BBBDecryptEncryptCreditCardTools.java:70:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'id' (lines '70'-'102').
src/com/bbb/encrypt/BBBDecryptEncryptCreditCardTools.java:70:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'subList' (lines '70'-'95').
src/com/bbb/encrypt/BBBDecryptEncryptCreditCardTools.java:70:	The method 'encryptCreditCard' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 15.
src/com/bbb/encrypt/BBBDecryptEncryptCreditCardTools.java:74:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'rollback' (lines '74'-'106').
src/com/bbb/encrypt/BBBDecryptEncryptCreditCardTools.java:74:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'rollback' (lines '74'-'142').
src/com/bbb/encrypt/BBBDecryptEncryptCreditCardTools.java:75:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'paymentGrpIds' (lines '75'-'86').
src/com/bbb/encrypt/BBBDecryptEncryptCreditCardTools.java:77:	Avoid excessively long variable names like transactionDemarcation
src/com/bbb/encrypt/BBBDecryptEncryptCreditCardTools.java:77:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'transactionDemarcation' (lines '77'-'142').
src/com/bbb/encrypt/BBBDecryptEncryptCreditCardTools.java:78:	Ensure that resources like this Connection object are closed after use
src/com/bbb/encrypt/BBBDecryptEncryptCreditCardTools.java:78:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pConnection' (lines '78'-'80').
src/com/bbb/encrypt/BBBDecryptEncryptCreditCardTools.java:89:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/encrypt/BBBDecryptEncryptCreditCardTools.java:93:	Local variable 'subList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/encrypt/BBBDecryptEncryptCreditCardTools.java:100:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/com/bbb/encrypt/BBBDecryptEncryptCreditCardTools.java:100:	Local variable 'id' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/encrypt/BBBDecryptEncryptCreditCardTools.java:123:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'rollback' (lines '123'-'106').
src/com/bbb/encrypt/BBBDecryptEncryptCreditCardTools.java:123:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'rollback' (lines '123'-'142').
src/com/bbb/encrypt/BBBDecryptEncryptCreditCardTools.java:144:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/encrypt/BBBDecryptEncryptCreditCardTools.java:144:	The method 'updateCreditCard' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 13.
src/com/bbb/encrypt/BBBDecryptEncryptCreditCardTools.java:144:	The method updateCreditCard() has an NCSS line count of 121
src/com/bbb/encrypt/BBBDecryptEncryptCreditCardTools.java:147:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'prepareStatement' (lines '147'-'199').
src/com/bbb/encrypt/BBBDecryptEncryptCreditCardTools.java:148:	Ensure that resources like this ResultSet object are closed after use
src/com/bbb/encrypt/BBBDecryptEncryptCreditCardTools.java:148:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pResultSet' (lines '148'-'202').
src/com/bbb/encrypt/BBBDecryptEncryptCreditCardTools.java:149:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pPropertyValue2' (lines '149'-'206').
src/com/bbb/encrypt/BBBDecryptEncryptCreditCardTools.java:149:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'pPropertyValue2' (lines '149'-'298').
src/com/bbb/encrypt/BBBDecryptEncryptCreditCardTools.java:150:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pPropertyValue3' (lines '150'-'208').
src/com/bbb/encrypt/BBBDecryptEncryptCreditCardTools.java:150:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'pPropertyValue3' (lines '150'-'298').
src/com/bbb/encrypt/BBBDecryptEncryptCreditCardTools.java:153:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'selectQuery' (lines '153'-'173').
src/com/bbb/encrypt/BBBDecryptEncryptCreditCardTools.java:153:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'selectQuery' (lines '153'-'195').
src/com/bbb/encrypt/BBBDecryptEncryptCreditCardTools.java:170:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/encrypt/BBBDecryptEncryptCreditCardTools.java:172:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/encrypt/BBBDecryptEncryptCreditCardTools.java:192:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/encrypt/BBBDecryptEncryptCreditCardTools.java:194:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/encrypt/BBBDecryptEncryptCreditCardTools.java:208:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'pPropertyValue3' (lines '208'-'298').
src/com/bbb/encrypt/BBBDecryptEncryptCreditCardTools.java:227:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'insertQuery' (lines '227'-'246').
src/com/bbb/encrypt/BBBDecryptEncryptCreditCardTools.java:227:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'insertQuery' (lines '227'-'271').
src/com/bbb/encrypt/BBBDecryptEncryptCreditCardTools.java:237:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/com/bbb/encrypt/BBBDecryptEncryptCreditCardTools.java:238:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/encrypt/BBBDecryptEncryptCreditCardTools.java:240:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/encrypt/BBBDecryptEncryptCreditCardTools.java:242:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/encrypt/BBBDecryptEncryptCreditCardTools.java:244:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/encrypt/BBBDecryptEncryptCreditCardTools.java:244:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/com/bbb/encrypt/BBBDecryptEncryptCreditCardTools.java:245:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/encrypt/BBBDecryptEncryptCreditCardTools.java:258:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/com/bbb/encrypt/BBBDecryptEncryptCreditCardTools.java:259:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/encrypt/BBBDecryptEncryptCreditCardTools.java:261:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/encrypt/BBBDecryptEncryptCreditCardTools.java:263:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/encrypt/BBBDecryptEncryptCreditCardTools.java:265:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/encrypt/BBBDecryptEncryptCreditCardTools.java:267:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/encrypt/BBBDecryptEncryptCreditCardTools.java:269:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/encrypt/BBBDecryptEncryptCreditCardTools.java:269:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/com/bbb/encrypt/BBBDecryptEncryptCreditCardTools.java:270:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/encrypt/BBBDecryptEncryptCreditCardTools.java:327:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'connection' (lines '327'-'346').
src/com/bbb/encrypt/BBBDecryptEncryptCreditCardTools.java:327:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'connection' (lines '327'-'360').
src/com/bbb/encrypt/BBBDecryptEncryptCreditCardTools.java:333:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'dataSource' (lines '333'-'337').
src/com/bbb/encrypt/BBBDecryptEncryptCreditCardTools.java:334:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'initalContext' (lines '334'-'336').
src/com/bbb/encrypt/BBBDecryptEncryptCreditCardTools.java:346:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'connection' (lines '346'-'360').
src/com/bbb/encrypt/BBBDecryptEncryptCreditCardTools.java:377:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pPreparedStatement
src/com/bbb/encrypt/BBBDecryptEncryptCreditCardTools.java:415:	The method 'closeConnection' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/com/bbb/encrypt/BBBDecryptEncryptCreditCardTools.java:416:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isClose' (lines '416'-'422').
src/com/bbb/encrypt/BBBDecryptEncryptCreditCardTools.java:416:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'isClose' (lines '416'-'455').
src/com/bbb/encrypt/BBBDecryptEncryptCreditCardTools.java:466:	The method 'getIdList' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/com/bbb/encrypt/BBBDecryptEncryptCreditCardTools.java:471:	Ensure that resources like this ResultSet object are closed after use
src/com/bbb/encrypt/BBBDecryptEncryptCreditCardTools.java:471:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'resultSet' (lines '471'-'494').
src/com/bbb/encrypt/BBBDecryptEncryptCreditCardTools.java:471:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'resultSet' (lines '471'-'524').
src/com/bbb/encrypt/BBBDecryptEncryptCreditCardTools.java:482:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'prepareStatement' (lines '482'-'485').
src/com/bbb/encrypt/BBBDecryptEncryptCreditCardTools.java:551:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'endIndex' (lines '551'-'555').
src/com/bbb/encrypt/BBBDecryptEncryptCreditCardTools.java:620:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mTransactionManager
src/com/bbb/encrypt/BBBDecryptEncryptCreditCardTools.java:680:	Avoid excessively long variable names like noOfRecordsEncrypted
src/com/bbb/encrypt/BBBDecryptEncryptJob.java:17:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mDecryptEncryptTools
src/com/bbb/encrypt/BBBDecryptEncryptJob.java:112:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mDecryptEncryptTools
src/com/bbb/feeds/bazaarvoice/marshaller/BVCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:1:	A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
src/com/bbb/feeds/bazaarvoice/marshaller/BVCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:64:	The class 'BVCatalogFeedMarshaller' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 12).
src/com/bbb/feeds/bazaarvoice/marshaller/BVCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:71:	Avoid excessively long variable names like siteFeedConfiguration
src/com/bbb/feeds/bazaarvoice/marshaller/BVCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:73:	Avoid excessively long variable names like catalogFeedFilePath
src/com/bbb/feeds/bazaarvoice/marshaller/BVCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:74:	Avoid excessively long variable names like catalogFeedFileName
src/com/bbb/feeds/bazaarvoice/marshaller/BVCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:76:	Avoid excessively long variable names like configTemplateManager
src/com/bbb/feeds/bazaarvoice/marshaller/BVCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:87:	Avoid excessively long variable names like schedulerStartDate
src/com/bbb/feeds/bazaarvoice/marshaller/BVCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:87:	The method 'marshall' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 12.
src/com/bbb/feeds/bazaarvoice/marshaller/BVCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:99:	Avoid variables with short names like it
src/com/bbb/feeds/bazaarvoice/marshaller/BVCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:102:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'status' (lines '102'-'160').
src/com/bbb/feeds/bazaarvoice/marshaller/BVCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:103:	Avoid excessively long variable names like siteConfigurationCode
src/com/bbb/feeds/bazaarvoice/marshaller/BVCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:136:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/feeds/bazaarvoice/marshaller/BVCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:138:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/feeds/bazaarvoice/marshaller/BVCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:160:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'status' (lines '160'-'163').
src/com/bbb/feeds/bazaarvoice/marshaller/BVCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:163:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'status' (lines '163'-'166').
src/com/bbb/feeds/bazaarvoice/marshaller/BVCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:203:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'categoryVOList' (lines '203'-'205').
src/com/bbb/feeds/bazaarvoice/marshaller/BVCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:229:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'parentCatId' (lines '229'-'254').
src/com/bbb/feeds/bazaarvoice/marshaller/BVCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:239:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/feeds/bazaarvoice/marshaller/BVCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:253:	Local variable 'parentCatId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/feeds/bazaarvoice/marshaller/BVCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:261:	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/com/bbb/feeds/bazaarvoice/marshaller/BVCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:288:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'productVOList' (lines '288'-'290').
src/com/bbb/feeds/bazaarvoice/marshaller/BVCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:326:	Avoid excessively long variable names like jaxbProdDetailList
src/com/bbb/feeds/bazaarvoice/marshaller/BVCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:346:	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/com/bbb/feeds/bazaarvoice/marshaller/BVCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:355:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/feeds/bazaarvoice/marshaller/BVCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:363:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/feeds/bazaarvoice/marshaller/BVCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:374:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/feeds/bazaarvoice/marshaller/BVCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:375:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/feeds/bazaarvoice/marshaller/BVCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:377:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/feeds/bazaarvoice/marshaller/BVCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:407:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'brandVOList' (lines '407'-'409').
src/com/bbb/feeds/bazaarvoice/marshaller/BVCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:436:	Avoid excessively long variable names like jaxbBrandDetailList
src/com/bbb/feeds/bazaarvoice/marshaller/BVCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:470:	The method 'getMarshalFile' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/com/bbb/feeds/bazaarvoice/marshaller/BVCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:472:	Avoid excessively long variable names like siteConfigurationCode
src/com/bbb/feeds/bazaarvoice/marshaller/BVCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:477:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'status' (lines '477'-'528').
src/com/bbb/feeds/bazaarvoice/marshaller/BVCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:477:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'status' (lines '477'-'533').
src/com/bbb/feeds/bazaarvoice/marshaller/BVCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:487:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'categoryXml' (lines '487'-'533').
src/com/bbb/feeds/bazaarvoice/marshaller/BVCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:489:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'feedConfigPath' (lines '489'-'493').
src/com/bbb/feeds/bazaarvoice/marshaller/BVCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:490:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'feedFolder' (lines '490'-'504').
src/com/bbb/feeds/bazaarvoice/marshaller/BVCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:490:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'feedFolder' (lines '490'-'533').
src/com/bbb/feeds/bazaarvoice/marshaller/BVCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:491:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'siteConfigPath' (lines '491'-'498').
src/com/bbb/feeds/bazaarvoice/marshaller/BVCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:491:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'siteConfigPath' (lines '491'-'533').
src/com/bbb/feeds/bazaarvoice/marshaller/BVCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:492:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'pathSeparator' (lines '492'-'533').
src/com/bbb/feeds/bazaarvoice/marshaller/BVCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:510:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'fileName' (lines '510'-'513').
src/com/bbb/feeds/bazaarvoice/marshaller/BVCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:510:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'fileName' (lines '510'-'516').
src/com/bbb/feeds/bazaarvoice/marshaller/BVCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:513:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/com/bbb/feeds/bazaarvoice/marshaller/BVCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:528:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'status' (lines '528'-'533').
src/com/bbb/feeds/bazaarvoice/marshaller/BVCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:587:	Avoid excessively long variable names like siteFeedConfiguration
src/com/bbb/feeds/bazaarvoice/marshaller/BVCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:629:	Avoid excessively long variable names like catalogFeedFilePath
src/com/bbb/feeds/bazaarvoice/marshaller/BVCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:643:	Avoid excessively long variable names like catalogFeedFileName
src/com/bbb/feeds/bazaarvoice/marshaller/BVCatalogFeedMarshaller.java:657:	Avoid excessively long variable names like configTemplateManager
src/com/bbb/feeds/bazaarvoice/marshaller/BVClientFeedMarshaller.java:1:	A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
src/com/bbb/feeds/bazaarvoice/marshaller/BVClientFeedMarshaller.java:47:	The class 'BVClientFeedMarshaller' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 13).
src/com/bbb/feeds/bazaarvoice/marshaller/BVClientFeedMarshaller.java:53:	Avoid excessively long variable names like siteFeedConfiguration
src/com/bbb/feeds/bazaarvoice/marshaller/BVClientFeedMarshaller.java:55:	Avoid excessively long variable names like bvClientTargetFeedFilePath
src/com/bbb/feeds/bazaarvoice/marshaller/BVClientFeedMarshaller.java:56:	Avoid excessively long variable names like bvClientSourceFeedFilePath
src/com/bbb/feeds/bazaarvoice/marshaller/BVClientFeedMarshaller.java:57:	Avoid excessively long variable names like clientFeedFileName
src/com/bbb/feeds/bazaarvoice/marshaller/BVClientFeedMarshaller.java:67:	Avoid excessively long variable names like schedulerStartDate
src/com/bbb/feeds/bazaarvoice/marshaller/BVClientFeedMarshaller.java:67:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'feedSourceFile' (lines '67'-'101').
src/com/bbb/feeds/bazaarvoice/marshaller/BVClientFeedMarshaller.java:67:	The method 'marshall' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 13.
src/com/bbb/feeds/bazaarvoice/marshaller/BVClientFeedMarshaller.java:70:	Avoid variables with short names like it
src/com/bbb/feeds/bazaarvoice/marshaller/BVClientFeedMarshaller.java:71:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'newFeedList' (lines '71'-'88').
src/com/bbb/feeds/bazaarvoice/marshaller/BVClientFeedMarshaller.java:71:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'newFeedList' (lines '71'-'124').
src/com/bbb/feeds/bazaarvoice/marshaller/BVClientFeedMarshaller.java:73:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'status' (lines '73'-'101').
src/com/bbb/feeds/bazaarvoice/marshaller/BVClientFeedMarshaller.java:73:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'status' (lines '73'-'73').
src/com/bbb/feeds/bazaarvoice/marshaller/BVClientFeedMarshaller.java:73:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'status' (lines '73'-'124').
src/com/bbb/feeds/bazaarvoice/marshaller/BVClientFeedMarshaller.java:74:	Avoid excessively long variable names like siteConfigurationCode
src/com/bbb/feeds/bazaarvoice/marshaller/BVClientFeedMarshaller.java:92:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/com/bbb/feeds/bazaarvoice/marshaller/BVClientFeedMarshaller.java:95:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/com/bbb/feeds/bazaarvoice/marshaller/BVClientFeedMarshaller.java:98:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0) with calls to isEmpty()
src/com/bbb/feeds/bazaarvoice/marshaller/BVClientFeedMarshaller.java:108:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'status' (lines '108'-'111').
src/com/bbb/feeds/bazaarvoice/marshaller/BVClientFeedMarshaller.java:109:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/com/bbb/feeds/bazaarvoice/marshaller/BVClientFeedMarshaller.java:112:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/com/bbb/feeds/bazaarvoice/marshaller/BVClientFeedMarshaller.java:133:	Avoid excessively long variable names like siteConfigurationCode
src/com/bbb/feeds/bazaarvoice/marshaller/BVClientFeedMarshaller.java:133:	The method 'generateMobileBVFeed' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 12.
src/com/bbb/feeds/bazaarvoice/marshaller/BVClientFeedMarshaller.java:136:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'fileName' (lines '136'-'198').
src/com/bbb/feeds/bazaarvoice/marshaller/BVClientFeedMarshaller.java:137:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'objectFactory' (lines '137'-'198').
src/com/bbb/feeds/bazaarvoice/marshaller/BVClientFeedMarshaller.java:144:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'convertedProducts' (lines '144'-'198').
src/com/bbb/feeds/bazaarvoice/marshaller/BVClientFeedMarshaller.java:146:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0) with calls to isEmpty()
src/com/bbb/feeds/bazaarvoice/marshaller/BVClientFeedMarshaller.java:150:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'productType' (lines '150'-'159').
src/com/bbb/feeds/bazaarvoice/marshaller/BVClientFeedMarshaller.java:150:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'skuAsProductType' (lines '150'-'186').
src/com/bbb/feeds/bazaarvoice/marshaller/BVClientFeedMarshaller.java:150:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'productType' (lines '150'-'198').
src/com/bbb/feeds/bazaarvoice/marshaller/BVClientFeedMarshaller.java:150:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'skuAsProductType' (lines '150'-'198').
src/com/bbb/feeds/bazaarvoice/marshaller/BVClientFeedMarshaller.java:151:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'productId' (lines '151'-'160').
src/com/bbb/feeds/bazaarvoice/marshaller/BVClientFeedMarshaller.java:151:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'sku' (lines '151'-'185').
src/com/bbb/feeds/bazaarvoice/marshaller/BVClientFeedMarshaller.java:151:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'productId' (lines '151'-'198').
src/com/bbb/feeds/bazaarvoice/marshaller/BVClientFeedMarshaller.java:151:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'sku' (lines '151'-'198').
src/com/bbb/feeds/bazaarvoice/marshaller/BVClientFeedMarshaller.java:153:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'productVO' (lines '153'-'171').
src/com/bbb/feeds/bazaarvoice/marshaller/BVClientFeedMarshaller.java:153:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'productVO' (lines '153'-'198').
src/com/bbb/feeds/bazaarvoice/marshaller/BVClientFeedMarshaller.java:154:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'skus' (lines '154'-'177').
src/com/bbb/feeds/bazaarvoice/marshaller/BVClientFeedMarshaller.java:154:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'skus' (lines '154'-'198').
src/com/bbb/feeds/bazaarvoice/marshaller/BVClientFeedMarshaller.java:155:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'skuIterator' (lines '155'-'183').
src/com/bbb/feeds/bazaarvoice/marshaller/BVClientFeedMarshaller.java:155:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'skuIterator' (lines '155'-'198').
src/com/bbb/feeds/bazaarvoice/marshaller/BVClientFeedMarshaller.java:156:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'prefix' (lines '156'-'164').
src/com/bbb/feeds/bazaarvoice/marshaller/BVClientFeedMarshaller.java:156:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'prefix' (lines '156'-'198').
src/com/bbb/feeds/bazaarvoice/marshaller/BVClientFeedMarshaller.java:164:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'prefix' (lines '164'-'167').
src/com/bbb/feeds/bazaarvoice/marshaller/BVClientFeedMarshaller.java:178:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0) with calls to isEmpty()
src/com/bbb/feeds/bazaarvoice/marshaller/BVClientFeedMarshaller.java:225:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'feedType' (lines '225'-'234').
src/com/bbb/feeds/bazaarvoice/marshaller/BVClientFeedMarshaller.java:225:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'feedType' (lines '225'-'247').
src/com/bbb/feeds/bazaarvoice/marshaller/BVClientFeedMarshaller.java:226:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'fileReader' (lines '226'-'230').
src/com/bbb/feeds/bazaarvoice/marshaller/BVClientFeedMarshaller.java:226:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'fileReader' (lines '226'-'247').
src/com/bbb/feeds/bazaarvoice/marshaller/BVClientFeedMarshaller.java:234:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'feedType' (lines '234'-'247').
src/com/bbb/feeds/bazaarvoice/marshaller/BVClientFeedMarshaller.java:240:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/com/bbb/feeds/bazaarvoice/marshaller/BVClientFeedMarshaller.java:249:	Avoid excessively long variable names like siteConfigurationCode
src/com/bbb/feeds/bazaarvoice/marshaller/BVClientFeedMarshaller.java:249:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'file' (lines '249'-'280').
src/com/bbb/feeds/bazaarvoice/marshaller/BVClientFeedMarshaller.java:249:	The method 'getNewlyUploadedFeeds' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/com/bbb/feeds/bazaarvoice/marshaller/BVClientFeedMarshaller.java:251:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'latestFeed' (lines '251'-'287').
src/com/bbb/feeds/bazaarvoice/marshaller/BVClientFeedMarshaller.java:255:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'pathSeparator' (lines '255'-'287').
src/com/bbb/feeds/bazaarvoice/marshaller/BVClientFeedMarshaller.java:259:	The String literal " configuration missing for " appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 259
src/com/bbb/feeds/bazaarvoice/marshaller/BVClientFeedMarshaller.java:277:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'lastRunTimestamp' (lines '277'-'287').
src/com/bbb/feeds/bazaarvoice/marshaller/BVClientFeedMarshaller.java:281:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/feeds/bazaarvoice/marshaller/BVClientFeedMarshaller.java:301:	The method 'getMarshalFile' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/com/bbb/feeds/bazaarvoice/marshaller/BVClientFeedMarshaller.java:302:	Avoid excessively long variable names like siteConfigurationCode
src/com/bbb/feeds/bazaarvoice/marshaller/BVClientFeedMarshaller.java:307:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'status' (lines '307'-'345').
src/com/bbb/feeds/bazaarvoice/marshaller/BVClientFeedMarshaller.java:307:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'status' (lines '307'-'351').
src/com/bbb/feeds/bazaarvoice/marshaller/BVClientFeedMarshaller.java:316:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'clientFeedXml' (lines '316'-'351').
src/com/bbb/feeds/bazaarvoice/marshaller/BVClientFeedMarshaller.java:320:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'pathSeparator' (lines '320'-'351').
src/com/bbb/feeds/bazaarvoice/marshaller/BVClientFeedMarshaller.java:345:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'status' (lines '345'-'351').
src/com/bbb/feeds/bazaarvoice/marshaller/BVClientFeedMarshaller.java:375:	Avoid excessively long variable names like siteFeedConfiguration
src/com/bbb/feeds/bazaarvoice/marshaller/BVClientFeedMarshaller.java:400:	Avoid excessively long variable names like bvClientTargetFeedFilePath
src/com/bbb/feeds/bazaarvoice/marshaller/BVClientFeedMarshaller.java:408:	Avoid excessively long variable names like bvClientSourceFeedFilePath
src/com/bbb/feeds/bazaarvoice/marshaller/BVClientFeedMarshaller.java:416:	Avoid excessively long variable names like clientFeedFileName
src/com/bbb/feeds/bazaarvoice/utils/BVCatalogFeedTools.java:31:	The class 'BVCatalogFeedTools' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 6 (Highest = 18).
src/com/bbb/feeds/bazaarvoice/utils/BVCatalogFeedTools.java:47:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'catItem' (lines '47'-'55').
src/com/bbb/feeds/bazaarvoice/utils/BVCatalogFeedTools.java:50:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'catVOList' (lines '50'-'66').
src/com/bbb/feeds/bazaarvoice/utils/BVCatalogFeedTools.java:75:	The String literal "unchecked" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 75
src/com/bbb/feeds/bazaarvoice/utils/BVCatalogFeedTools.java:79:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'categoryVO' (lines '79'-'82').
src/com/bbb/feeds/bazaarvoice/utils/BVCatalogFeedTools.java:110:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0) with calls to isEmpty()
src/com/bbb/feeds/bazaarvoice/utils/BVCatalogFeedTools.java:111:	Avoid variables with short names like it
src/com/bbb/feeds/bazaarvoice/utils/BVCatalogFeedTools.java:147:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'productItem' (lines '147'-'157').
src/com/bbb/feeds/bazaarvoice/utils/BVCatalogFeedTools.java:151:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'productVOList' (lines '151'-'174').
src/com/bbb/feeds/bazaarvoice/utils/BVCatalogFeedTools.java:157:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'prdTranslations'.
src/com/bbb/feeds/bazaarvoice/utils/BVCatalogFeedTools.java:157:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'prdTranslations' (lines '157'-'157').
src/com/bbb/feeds/bazaarvoice/utils/BVCatalogFeedTools.java:157:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'prdTranslations' (lines '157'-'174').
src/com/bbb/feeds/bazaarvoice/utils/BVCatalogFeedTools.java:186:	The method 'populateProductVO' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 18.
src/com/bbb/feeds/bazaarvoice/utils/BVCatalogFeedTools.java:186:	The method populateProductVO() has an NPath complexity of 448
src/com/bbb/feeds/bazaarvoice/utils/BVCatalogFeedTools.java:201:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0) with calls to isEmpty()
src/com/bbb/feeds/bazaarvoice/utils/BVCatalogFeedTools.java:202:	Avoid variables with short names like it
src/com/bbb/feeds/bazaarvoice/utils/BVCatalogFeedTools.java:212:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'skus' (lines '212'-'266').
src/com/bbb/feeds/bazaarvoice/utils/BVCatalogFeedTools.java:227:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0) with calls to isEmpty()
src/com/bbb/feeds/bazaarvoice/utils/BVCatalogFeedTools.java:240:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0) with calls to isEmpty()
src/com/bbb/feeds/bazaarvoice/utils/BVCatalogFeedTools.java:304:	Avoid unused private methods such as 'isPrdActiveForStartEndDate(RepositoryItem)'.
src/com/bbb/feeds/bazaarvoice/utils/BVCatalogFeedTools.java:305:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'dateIsActive' (lines '305'-'314').
src/com/bbb/feeds/bazaarvoice/utils/BVCatalogFeedTools.java:306:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'currentDate' (lines '306'-'318').
src/com/bbb/feeds/bazaarvoice/utils/BVCatalogFeedTools.java:334:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'brandItem' (lines '334'-'343').
src/com/bbb/feeds/bazaarvoice/utils/BVCatalogFeedTools.java:338:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'brandVOList' (lines '338'-'354').
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/marshaller/HarteHanksFeedMarshaller.java:29:	The class 'HarteHanksFeedMarshaller' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 2 (Highest = 12).
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/marshaller/HarteHanksFeedMarshaller.java:29:	Too many fields
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/marshaller/HarteHanksFeedMarshaller.java:37:	Avoid excessively long variable names like hhCntrlFeedFileName
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/marshaller/HarteHanksFeedMarshaller.java:38:	Avoid excessively long variable names like hhDataFeedFileName
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/marshaller/HarteHanksFeedMarshaller.java:43:	Avoid excessively long variable names like controlFeedHeaders
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/marshaller/HarteHanksFeedMarshaller.java:44:	Avoid excessively long variable names like detailsFeedHeaders
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/marshaller/HarteHanksFeedMarshaller.java:46:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'start_index' is not final.
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/marshaller/HarteHanksFeedMarshaller.java:48:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'file_index' is not final.
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/marshaller/HarteHanksFeedMarshaller.java:54:	Avoid excessively long variable names like schedulerStartDate
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/marshaller/HarteHanksFeedMarshaller.java:54:	Parameter 'isFullDataFeed' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/marshaller/HarteHanksFeedMarshaller.java:54:	Parameter 'schedulerStartDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/marshaller/HarteHanksFeedMarshaller.java:58:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'totalCount' (lines '58'-'107').
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/marshaller/HarteHanksFeedMarshaller.java:59:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'count' (lines '59'-'93').
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/marshaller/HarteHanksFeedMarshaller.java:59:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'count' (lines '59'-'107').
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/marshaller/HarteHanksFeedMarshaller.java:60:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'i'.
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/marshaller/HarteHanksFeedMarshaller.java:60:	Avoid variables with short names like i
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/marshaller/HarteHanksFeedMarshaller.java:60:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'i' (lines '60'-'107').
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/marshaller/HarteHanksFeedMarshaller.java:60:	Local variable 'i' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/marshaller/HarteHanksFeedMarshaller.java:61:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'rqlQuery' (lines '61'-'72').
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/marshaller/HarteHanksFeedMarshaller.java:61:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'rqlQuery' (lines '61'-'107').
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/marshaller/HarteHanksFeedMarshaller.java:63:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'status' (lines '63'-'92').
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/marshaller/HarteHanksFeedMarshaller.java:63:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'status' (lines '63'-'97').
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/marshaller/HarteHanksFeedMarshaller.java:63:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'status' (lines '63'-'107').
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/marshaller/HarteHanksFeedMarshaller.java:72:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'rqlQuery' (lines '72'-'107').
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/marshaller/HarteHanksFeedMarshaller.java:76:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'feedVOList' (lines '76'-'83').
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/marshaller/HarteHanksFeedMarshaller.java:76:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'feedVOList' (lines '76'-'107').
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/marshaller/HarteHanksFeedMarshaller.java:77:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'rql' (lines '77'-'81').
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/marshaller/HarteHanksFeedMarshaller.java:77:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'rql' (lines '77'-'107').
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/marshaller/HarteHanksFeedMarshaller.java:92:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'status' (lines '92'-'92').
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/marshaller/HarteHanksFeedMarshaller.java:92:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'status' (lines '92'-'97').
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/marshaller/HarteHanksFeedMarshaller.java:92:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'status' (lines '92'-'107').
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/marshaller/HarteHanksFeedMarshaller.java:97:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'status' (lines '97'-'100').
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/marshaller/HarteHanksFeedMarshaller.java:98:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/marshaller/HarteHanksFeedMarshaller.java:101:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/marshaller/HarteHanksFeedMarshaller.java:109:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'header' (lines '109'-'118').
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/marshaller/HarteHanksFeedMarshaller.java:109:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'header' (lines '109'-'121').
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/marshaller/HarteHanksFeedMarshaller.java:109:	Parameter 'checkSum' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/marshaller/HarteHanksFeedMarshaller.java:109:	Parameter 'cntlFeedFileName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/marshaller/HarteHanksFeedMarshaller.java:109:	Parameter 'configPath' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/marshaller/HarteHanksFeedMarshaller.java:109:	Parameter 'dataFeedFileName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/marshaller/HarteHanksFeedMarshaller.java:109:	Parameter 'recordCount' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/marshaller/HarteHanksFeedMarshaller.java:112:	Local variable 'ctrlFeedContent' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/marshaller/HarteHanksFeedMarshaller.java:112:	StringBuffer constructor is initialized with size 16, but has at least 19 characters appended.
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/marshaller/HarteHanksFeedMarshaller.java:114:	Avoid variables with short names like i
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/marshaller/HarteHanksFeedMarshaller.java:114:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'i' (lines '114'-'133').
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/marshaller/HarteHanksFeedMarshaller.java:115:	Local variable 'header' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/marshaller/HarteHanksFeedMarshaller.java:118:	Avoid concatenating nonliterals in a StringBuffer/StringBuilder constructor or append().
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/marshaller/HarteHanksFeedMarshaller.java:123:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'i' (lines '123'-'133').
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/marshaller/HarteHanksFeedMarshaller.java:125:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/marshaller/HarteHanksFeedMarshaller.java:127:	Avoid concatenating nonliterals in a StringBuffer/StringBuilder constructor or append().
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/marshaller/HarteHanksFeedMarshaller.java:135:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'feedVO' (lines '135'-'158').
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/marshaller/HarteHanksFeedMarshaller.java:135:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'header' (lines '135'-'144').
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/marshaller/HarteHanksFeedMarshaller.java:135:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'header' (lines '135'-'147').
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/marshaller/HarteHanksFeedMarshaller.java:135:	Parameter 'feedVOList' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/marshaller/HarteHanksFeedMarshaller.java:135:	The method 'generateFeed' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 12.
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/marshaller/HarteHanksFeedMarshaller.java:138:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'feedContent' (lines '138'-'190').
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/marshaller/HarteHanksFeedMarshaller.java:138:	Local variable 'feedContent' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/marshaller/HarteHanksFeedMarshaller.java:140:	Avoid variables with short names like i
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/marshaller/HarteHanksFeedMarshaller.java:140:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'i' (lines '140'-'190').
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/marshaller/HarteHanksFeedMarshaller.java:141:	Local variable 'header' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/marshaller/HarteHanksFeedMarshaller.java:144:	Avoid concatenating nonliterals in a StringBuffer/StringBuilder constructor or append().
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/marshaller/HarteHanksFeedMarshaller.java:149:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'i' (lines '149'-'190').
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/marshaller/HarteHanksFeedMarshaller.java:151:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/marshaller/HarteHanksFeedMarshaller.java:153:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'tempStr' (lines '153'-'166').
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/marshaller/HarteHanksFeedMarshaller.java:153:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'tempStr' (lines '153'-'190').
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/marshaller/HarteHanksFeedMarshaller.java:154:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'totalCount' (lines '154'-'170').
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/marshaller/HarteHanksFeedMarshaller.java:154:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'userCount' (lines '154'-'169').
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/marshaller/HarteHanksFeedMarshaller.java:154:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'checkSum' (lines '154'-'190').
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/marshaller/HarteHanksFeedMarshaller.java:154:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'totalCount' (lines '154'-'190').
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/marshaller/HarteHanksFeedMarshaller.java:154:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'userCount' (lines '154'-'190').
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/marshaller/HarteHanksFeedMarshaller.java:157:	Local variable 'feedVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/marshaller/HarteHanksFeedMarshaller.java:158:	Local variable 'concept' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/marshaller/HarteHanksFeedMarshaller.java:166:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'tempStr' (lines '166'-'167').
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/marshaller/HarteHanksFeedMarshaller.java:168:	Avoid concatenating nonliterals in a StringBuffer/StringBuilder constructor or append().
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/marshaller/HarteHanksFeedMarshaller.java:175:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'checkSum' (lines '175'-'190').
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/marshaller/HarteHanksFeedMarshaller.java:176:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'userCount' (lines '176'-'169').
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/marshaller/HarteHanksFeedMarshaller.java:176:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'userCount' (lines '176'-'190').
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/marshaller/HarteHanksFeedMarshaller.java:192:	Parameter 'checkSum' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/marshaller/HarteHanksFeedMarshaller.java:192:	Parameter 'feedContent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/marshaller/HarteHanksFeedMarshaller.java:192:	Parameter 'index' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/marshaller/HarteHanksFeedMarshaller.java:192:	Parameter 'userCount' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/marshaller/HarteHanksFeedMarshaller.java:196:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'cntrlFeedFileName' (lines '196'-'202').
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/marshaller/HarteHanksFeedMarshaller.java:196:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'cntrlFeedFileName' (lines '196'-'205').
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/marshaller/HarteHanksFeedMarshaller.java:196:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'dataFeedFileName' (lines '196'-'211').
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/marshaller/HarteHanksFeedMarshaller.java:196:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'dataFeedFileName' (lines '196'-'214').
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/marshaller/HarteHanksFeedMarshaller.java:198:	Avoid excessively long variable names like configControlFileName
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/marshaller/HarteHanksFeedMarshaller.java:198:	Local variable 'configControlFileName' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/marshaller/HarteHanksFeedMarshaller.java:199:	Local variable 'date' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/marshaller/HarteHanksFeedMarshaller.java:205:	The String literal "yyyymmdd" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 205
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/marshaller/HarteHanksFeedMarshaller.java:208:	Avoid excessively long variable names like configDataFileName
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/marshaller/HarteHanksFeedMarshaller.java:208:	Local variable 'configDataFileName' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/marshaller/HarteHanksFeedMarshaller.java:230:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'feedConfigPath' (lines '230'-'233').
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/marshaller/HarteHanksFeedMarshaller.java:231:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'feedFolder' (lines '231'-'239').
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/marshaller/HarteHanksFeedMarshaller.java:231:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'feedFolder' (lines '231'-'245').
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/marshaller/HarteHanksFeedMarshaller.java:232:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'pathSeparator' (lines '232'-'245').
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/marshaller/HarteHanksFeedMarshaller.java:232:	Local variable 'pathSeparator' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/marshaller/HarteHanksFeedMarshaller.java:243:	Local variable 'feedPath' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/marshaller/HarteHanksFeedMarshaller.java:244:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'feedPath'
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/marshaller/HarteHanksFeedMarshaller.java:251:	Parameter 'lastModDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/marshaller/HarteHanksFeedMarshaller.java:259:	Parameter 'feedRepository' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/marshaller/HarteHanksFeedMarshaller.java:267:	Parameter 'typeOfFeed' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/marshaller/HarteHanksFeedMarshaller.java:275:	Parameter 'catalogTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/marshaller/HarteHanksFeedMarshaller.java:283:	Parameter 'feedTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/marshaller/HarteHanksFeedMarshaller.java:291:	Parameter 'siteManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/marshaller/HarteHanksFeedMarshaller.java:300:	Avoid excessively long variable names like hhCntrlFeedFileName
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/marshaller/HarteHanksFeedMarshaller.java:300:	Parameter 'hhCntrlFeedFileName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/marshaller/HarteHanksFeedMarshaller.java:309:	Avoid excessively long variable names like hhDataFeedFileName
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/marshaller/HarteHanksFeedMarshaller.java:309:	Parameter 'hhDataFeedFileName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/marshaller/HarteHanksFeedMarshaller.java:317:	Parameter 'hhFeedFilePath' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/marshaller/HarteHanksFeedMarshaller.java:325:	Parameter 'fieldDelimiter' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/marshaller/HarteHanksFeedMarshaller.java:333:	Parameter 'includeHeaders' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/marshaller/HarteHanksFeedMarshaller.java:341:	Avoid excessively long variable names like controlFeedHeaders
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/marshaller/HarteHanksFeedMarshaller.java:341:	Parameter 'controlFeedHeaders' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/marshaller/HarteHanksFeedMarshaller.java:349:	Avoid excessively long variable names like detailsFeedHeaders
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/marshaller/HarteHanksFeedMarshaller.java:349:	Parameter 'detailsFeedHeaders' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/marshaller/HarteHanksFeedMarshaller.java:357:	Parameter 'numOfUsersInFile' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/marshaller/HarteHanksFeedMarshaller.java:365:	Parameter 'profileBatchSize' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/marshaller/HarteHanksFeedMarshaller.java:369:	Method names should not contain underscores
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/marshaller/HarteHanksFeedMarshaller.java:373:	Method names should not contain underscores
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/marshaller/HarteHanksFeedMarshaller.java:373:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'start_index' is not final.
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/marshaller/HarteHanksFeedMarshaller.java:373:	Parameter 'start_index' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/utils/HHUserPreferencesFeedTools.java:3:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.sql.Date'
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/utils/HHUserPreferencesFeedTools.java:3:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.sql.Date'
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/utils/HHUserPreferencesFeedTools.java:12:	Avoid unused imports such as 'atg.core.util.StringUtils'
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/utils/HHUserPreferencesFeedTools.java:12:	Avoid unused imports such as 'atg.core.util.StringUtils'
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/utils/HHUserPreferencesFeedTools.java:16:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.commerce.catalog.BBBCatalogErrorCodes'
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/utils/HHUserPreferencesFeedTools.java:16:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.commerce.catalog.BBBCatalogErrorCodes'
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/utils/HHUserPreferencesFeedTools.java:25:	The class 'HHUserPreferencesFeedTools' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 24).
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/utils/HHUserPreferencesFeedTools.java:27:	Avoid excessively long variable names like profilePropertyManager
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/utils/HHUserPreferencesFeedTools.java:30:	Avoid excessively long variable names like userProfileRepository
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/utils/HHUserPreferencesFeedTools.java:32:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/utils/HHUserPreferencesFeedTools.java:32:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'profileItem' (lines '32'-'57').
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/utils/HHUserPreferencesFeedTools.java:32:	Parameter 'feedHeaders' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/utils/HHUserPreferencesFeedTools.java:32:	Parameter 'isFullDataFeed' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/utils/HHUserPreferencesFeedTools.java:32:	Parameter 'lastModDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/utils/HHUserPreferencesFeedTools.java:32:	Parameter 'rqlQuery' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/utils/HHUserPreferencesFeedTools.java:32:	The method 'getUserPreferences' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 24.
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/utils/HHUserPreferencesFeedTools.java:35:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'feedVOList' (lines '35'-'198').
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/utils/HHUserPreferencesFeedTools.java:35:	Local variable 'feedVOList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/utils/HHUserPreferencesFeedTools.java:37:	Local variable 'profRepItems' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/utils/HHUserPreferencesFeedTools.java:45:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pofileWrapper' (lines '45'-'57').
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/utils/HHUserPreferencesFeedTools.java:46:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'feedVO' (lines '46'-'58').
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/utils/HHUserPreferencesFeedTools.java:47:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'tempStr' (lines '47'-'115').
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/utils/HHUserPreferencesFeedTools.java:48:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'timestamp' (lines '48'-'123').
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/utils/HHUserPreferencesFeedTools.java:56:	Local variable 'profileItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/utils/HHUserPreferencesFeedTools.java:57:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/utils/HHUserPreferencesFeedTools.java:58:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/utils/HHUserPreferencesFeedTools.java:78:	Local variable 'homeAddress' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/utils/HHUserPreferencesFeedTools.java:125:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/utils/HHUserPreferencesFeedTools.java:138:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/utils/HHUserPreferencesFeedTools.java:159:	Local variable 'map' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/utils/HHUserPreferencesFeedTools.java:163:	Local variable 'sites' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/utils/HHUserPreferencesFeedTools.java:164:	Avoid variables with short names like it
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/utils/HHUserPreferencesFeedTools.java:164:	Local variable 'it' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/utils/HHUserPreferencesFeedTools.java:166:	Local variable 'siteId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/utils/HHUserPreferencesFeedTools.java:167:	Local variable 'feedVOBySite' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/utils/HHUserPreferencesFeedTools.java:178:	Local variable 'siteAssItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/utils/HHUserPreferencesFeedTools.java:179:	Local variable 'obj' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/utils/HHUserPreferencesFeedTools.java:180:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/utils/HHUserPreferencesFeedTools.java:181:	Do not add empty strings
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/utils/HHUserPreferencesFeedTools.java:182:	Position literals first in String comparisons
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/utils/HHUserPreferencesFeedTools.java:190:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/utils/HHUserPreferencesFeedTools.java:204:	Avoid excessively long variable names like profilePropertyManager
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/utils/HHUserPreferencesFeedTools.java:204:	Parameter 'profilePropertyManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/utils/HHUserPreferencesFeedTools.java:212:	Parameter 'hhConceptMap' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/utils/HHUserPreferencesFeedTools.java:220:	Parameter 'formatMap' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/utils/HHUserPreferencesFeedTools.java:228:	Avoid excessively long variable names like userProfileRepository
src/com/bbb/feeds/hartehanks/utils/HHUserPreferencesFeedTools.java:228:	Parameter 'userProfileRepository' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/feeds/manager/FeedJobsManager.java:19:	Avoid excessively long variable names like feedTypeMarshallerMap
src/com/bbb/feeds/manager/FeedJobsManager.java:33:	Avoid excessively long variable names like feedTypeMarshallerMap
src/com/bbb/feeds/manager/FeedJobsManager.java:33:	Parameter 'feedTypeMarshallerMap' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/feeds/manager/FeedJobsManager.java:43:	Avoid excessively long variable names like schedulerStartDate
src/com/bbb/feeds/manager/FeedJobsManager.java:43:	Parameter 'isFullDataFeed' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/feeds/manager/FeedJobsManager.java:43:	Parameter 'schedulerStartDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/feeds/manager/FeedJobsManager.java:43:	Parameter 'typeOfFeed' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/feeds/manager/FeedJobsManager.java:46:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/marshaller/BBBMarketingFeedsMarshaller.java:15:	Avoid unused imports such as 'atg.multisite.SiteContextException'
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/marshaller/BBBMarketingFeedsMarshaller.java:15:	Avoid unused imports such as 'atg.multisite.SiteContextException'
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/marshaller/BBBMarketingFeedsMarshaller.java:16:	Avoid unused imports such as 'atg.multisite.SiteContextManager'
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/marshaller/BBBMarketingFeedsMarshaller.java:16:	Avoid unused imports such as 'atg.multisite.SiteContextManager'
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/marshaller/BBBMarketingFeedsMarshaller.java:37:	The class 'BBBMarketingFeedsMarshaller' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 2 (Highest = 17).
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/marshaller/BBBMarketingFeedsMarshaller.java:44:	Avoid excessively long variable names like siteFeedConfiguration
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/marshaller/BBBMarketingFeedsMarshaller.java:59:	Avoid excessively long variable names like schedulerStartDate
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/marshaller/BBBMarketingFeedsMarshaller.java:59:	Parameter 'isFullDataFeed' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/marshaller/BBBMarketingFeedsMarshaller.java:59:	Parameter 'schedulerStartDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/marshaller/BBBMarketingFeedsMarshaller.java:59:	The method 'marshall' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/marshaller/BBBMarketingFeedsMarshaller.java:67:	Local variable 'siteCodes' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/marshaller/BBBMarketingFeedsMarshaller.java:69:	Avoid variables with short names like it
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/marshaller/BBBMarketingFeedsMarshaller.java:69:	Local variable 'it' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/marshaller/BBBMarketingFeedsMarshaller.java:70:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'feedVOList' (lines '70'-'97').
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/marshaller/BBBMarketingFeedsMarshaller.java:70:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'feedVOList' (lines '70'-'114').
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/marshaller/BBBMarketingFeedsMarshaller.java:73:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'status' (lines '73'-'99').
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/marshaller/BBBMarketingFeedsMarshaller.java:74:	Avoid excessively long variable names like siteConfigurationCode
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/marshaller/BBBMarketingFeedsMarshaller.java:74:	Local variable 'siteConfigurationCode' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/marshaller/BBBMarketingFeedsMarshaller.java:81:	Local variable 'config' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/marshaller/BBBMarketingFeedsMarshaller.java:90:	Local variable 'catalog' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/marshaller/BBBMarketingFeedsMarshaller.java:97:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'feedVOList' (lines '97'-'97').
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/marshaller/BBBMarketingFeedsMarshaller.java:97:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'feedVOList' (lines '97'-'114').
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/marshaller/BBBMarketingFeedsMarshaller.java:99:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'status' (lines '99'-'102').
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/marshaller/BBBMarketingFeedsMarshaller.java:100:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/marshaller/BBBMarketingFeedsMarshaller.java:103:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/marshaller/BBBMarketingFeedsMarshaller.java:116:	Parameter 'isFullDataFeed' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/marshaller/BBBMarketingFeedsMarshaller.java:116:	Parameter 'lastModDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/marshaller/BBBMarketingFeedsMarshaller.java:124:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/marshaller/BBBMarketingFeedsMarshaller.java:138:	Parameter 'isFullDataFeed' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/marshaller/BBBMarketingFeedsMarshaller.java:144:	Local variable 'method' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/marshaller/BBBMarketingFeedsMarshaller.java:154:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/marshaller/BBBMarketingFeedsMarshaller.java:157:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/marshaller/BBBMarketingFeedsMarshaller.java:160:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/marshaller/BBBMarketingFeedsMarshaller.java:163:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/marshaller/BBBMarketingFeedsMarshaller.java:167:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/marshaller/BBBMarketingFeedsMarshaller.java:172:	Avoid excessively long variable names like siteConfigurationCode
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/marshaller/BBBMarketingFeedsMarshaller.java:172:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'feedVO' (lines '172'-'200').
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/marshaller/BBBMarketingFeedsMarshaller.java:172:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'header' (lines '172'-'183').
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/marshaller/BBBMarketingFeedsMarshaller.java:172:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'header' (lines '172'-'186').
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/marshaller/BBBMarketingFeedsMarshaller.java:172:	Parameter 'feedVOList' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/marshaller/BBBMarketingFeedsMarshaller.java:172:	Parameter 'siteConfigurationCode' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/marshaller/BBBMarketingFeedsMarshaller.java:172:	The method 'generateFeed' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 17.
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/marshaller/BBBMarketingFeedsMarshaller.java:172:	The method generateFeed() has an NPath complexity of 1992
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/marshaller/BBBMarketingFeedsMarshaller.java:174:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'feedContent' (lines '174'-'254').
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/marshaller/BBBMarketingFeedsMarshaller.java:174:	Local variable 'feedContent' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/marshaller/BBBMarketingFeedsMarshaller.java:179:	Avoid variables with short names like i
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/marshaller/BBBMarketingFeedsMarshaller.java:179:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'i' (lines '179'-'254').
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/marshaller/BBBMarketingFeedsMarshaller.java:180:	Local variable 'header' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/marshaller/BBBMarketingFeedsMarshaller.java:183:	Avoid concatenating nonliterals in a StringBuffer/StringBuilder constructor or append().
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/marshaller/BBBMarketingFeedsMarshaller.java:188:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'i' (lines '188'-'254').
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/marshaller/BBBMarketingFeedsMarshaller.java:190:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/marshaller/BBBMarketingFeedsMarshaller.java:192:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'tempStr' (lines '192'-'200').
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/marshaller/BBBMarketingFeedsMarshaller.java:192:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'tempStr' (lines '192'-'254').
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/marshaller/BBBMarketingFeedsMarshaller.java:194:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'siteConfigPath' (lines '194'-'218').
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/marshaller/BBBMarketingFeedsMarshaller.java:194:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'siteConfigPath' (lines '194'-'254').
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/marshaller/BBBMarketingFeedsMarshaller.java:195:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'feedConfigPath' (lines '195'-'213').
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/marshaller/BBBMarketingFeedsMarshaller.java:196:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'feedFolder' (lines '196'-'223').
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/marshaller/BBBMarketingFeedsMarshaller.java:196:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'feedFolder' (lines '196'-'254').
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/marshaller/BBBMarketingFeedsMarshaller.java:197:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'pathSeparator' (lines '197'-'254').
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/marshaller/BBBMarketingFeedsMarshaller.java:197:	Local variable 'pathSeparator' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/marshaller/BBBMarketingFeedsMarshaller.java:199:	Local variable 'feedVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/marshaller/BBBMarketingFeedsMarshaller.java:200:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'tempStr' (lines '200'-'201').
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/marshaller/BBBMarketingFeedsMarshaller.java:202:	Avoid concatenating nonliterals in a StringBuffer/StringBuilder constructor or append().
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/marshaller/BBBMarketingFeedsMarshaller.java:228:	Local variable 'feedPath' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/marshaller/BBBMarketingFeedsMarshaller.java:229:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'fileName' (lines '229'-'233').
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/marshaller/BBBMarketingFeedsMarshaller.java:229:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'fileName' (lines '229'-'235').
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/marshaller/BBBMarketingFeedsMarshaller.java:230:	Local variable 'configFileName' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/marshaller/BBBMarketingFeedsMarshaller.java:233:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/marshaller/BBBMarketingFeedsMarshaller.java:269:	Parameter 'feedTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/marshaller/BBBMarketingFeedsMarshaller.java:277:	Parameter 'catalogTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/marshaller/BBBMarketingFeedsMarshaller.java:285:	Parameter 'lastModDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/marshaller/BBBMarketingFeedsMarshaller.java:293:	Parameter 'feedRepository' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/marshaller/BBBMarketingFeedsMarshaller.java:301:	Parameter 'feedHeaders' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/marshaller/BBBMarketingFeedsMarshaller.java:309:	Avoid excessively long variable names like siteFeedConfiguration
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/marshaller/BBBMarketingFeedsMarshaller.java:309:	Parameter 'siteFeedConfiguration' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/marshaller/BBBMarketingFeedsMarshaller.java:317:	Parameter 'typeOfFeed' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/marshaller/BBBMarketingFeedsMarshaller.java:325:	Parameter 'feedFilePath' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/marshaller/BBBMarketingFeedsMarshaller.java:333:	Parameter 'feedFileName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/marshaller/BBBMarketingFeedsMarshaller.java:345:	Parameter 'methodName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/marshaller/BBBMarketingFeedsMarshaller.java:356:	Parameter 'fieldDelimiter' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/marshaller/BBBMarketingFeedsMarshaller.java:364:	Parameter 'feedStaticText' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/marshaller/BBBMarketingFeedsMarshaller.java:372:	Parameter 'includeHeaders' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/marshaller/CJMarketingFeedsMarshaller.java:9:	Avoid unused imports such as 'atg.multisite.SiteContextException'
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/marshaller/CJMarketingFeedsMarshaller.java:9:	Avoid unused imports such as 'atg.multisite.SiteContextException'
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/marshaller/CJMarketingFeedsMarshaller.java:18:	The class 'CJMarketingFeedsMarshaller' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 5 (Highest = 11).
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/marshaller/CJMarketingFeedsMarshaller.java:20:	Avoid excessively long variable names like COLLECTION_FEED_CONFIG_KEY
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/marshaller/CJMarketingFeedsMarshaller.java:21:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PRODUCT_FEED_CONFIG_KEY
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/marshaller/CJMarketingFeedsMarshaller.java:22:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SKU_FEED_CONFIG_KEY
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/marshaller/CJMarketingFeedsMarshaller.java:24:	Avoid excessively long variable names like cjFeedStaticTextMap
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/marshaller/CJMarketingFeedsMarshaller.java:30:	Avoid excessively long variable names like schedulerStartDate
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/marshaller/CJMarketingFeedsMarshaller.java:30:	Parameter 'isFullDataFeed' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/marshaller/CJMarketingFeedsMarshaller.java:30:	Parameter 'schedulerStartDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/marshaller/CJMarketingFeedsMarshaller.java:30:	The method 'marshall' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/marshaller/CJMarketingFeedsMarshaller.java:38:	Local variable 'siteCodes' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/marshaller/CJMarketingFeedsMarshaller.java:40:	Avoid variables with short names like it
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/marshaller/CJMarketingFeedsMarshaller.java:40:	Local variable 'it' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/marshaller/CJMarketingFeedsMarshaller.java:41:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'feedVOList' (lines '41'-'69').
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/marshaller/CJMarketingFeedsMarshaller.java:41:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'feedVOList' (lines '41'-'86').
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/marshaller/CJMarketingFeedsMarshaller.java:43:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'status' (lines '43'-'71').
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/marshaller/CJMarketingFeedsMarshaller.java:44:	Avoid excessively long variable names like siteConfigurationCode
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/marshaller/CJMarketingFeedsMarshaller.java:44:	Local variable 'siteConfigurationCode' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/marshaller/CJMarketingFeedsMarshaller.java:51:	Local variable 'config' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/marshaller/CJMarketingFeedsMarshaller.java:60:	Local variable 'catalog' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/marshaller/CJMarketingFeedsMarshaller.java:66:	Local variable 'staticText' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/marshaller/CJMarketingFeedsMarshaller.java:69:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'feedVOList' (lines '69'-'69').
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/marshaller/CJMarketingFeedsMarshaller.java:69:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'feedVOList' (lines '69'-'86').
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/marshaller/CJMarketingFeedsMarshaller.java:71:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'status' (lines '71'-'74').
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/marshaller/CJMarketingFeedsMarshaller.java:72:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/marshaller/CJMarketingFeedsMarshaller.java:75:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/marshaller/CJMarketingFeedsMarshaller.java:92:	Avoid excessively long variable names like cjFeedStaticTextMap
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/marshaller/CJMarketingFeedsMarshaller.java:92:	Parameter 'cjFeedStaticTextMap' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/marshaller/OmnitureMarketingFeedMarshaller.java:9:	Avoid unused imports such as 'atg.repository.RepositoryItem'
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/marshaller/OmnitureMarketingFeedMarshaller.java:9:	Avoid unused imports such as 'atg.repository.RepositoryItem'
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/marshaller/OmnitureMarketingFeedMarshaller.java:13:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.feeds.marketing.vo.MarketingFeedVO'
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/marshaller/OmnitureMarketingFeedMarshaller.java:13:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.feeds.marketing.vo.MarketingFeedVO'
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/marshaller/OmnitureMarketingFeedMarshaller.java:16:	Too many fields
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/marshaller/OmnitureMarketingFeedMarshaller.java:18:	Avoid excessively long variable names like COLLECTION_FEED_CONFIG_KEY
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/marshaller/OmnitureMarketingFeedMarshaller.java:19:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PRODUCT_FEED_CONFIG_KEY
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/marshaller/OmnitureMarketingFeedMarshaller.java:20:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SKU_FEED_CONFIG_KEY
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/marshaller/OmnitureMarketingFeedMarshaller.java:24:	Avoid excessively long variable names like collectionFeedFileName
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/marshaller/OmnitureMarketingFeedMarshaller.java:27:	Avoid excessively long variable names like collectionMethodName
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/marshaller/OmnitureMarketingFeedMarshaller.java:30:	Avoid excessively long variable names like collectionFeedFilePath
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/marshaller/OmnitureMarketingFeedMarshaller.java:34:	Avoid excessively long variable names like collectionFeedHeaders
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/marshaller/OmnitureMarketingFeedMarshaller.java:37:	Avoid excessively long variable names like collectionFeedStaticText
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/marshaller/OmnitureMarketingFeedMarshaller.java:38:	Avoid excessively long variable names like productFeedStaticText
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/marshaller/OmnitureMarketingFeedMarshaller.java:42:	Parameter 'isFullDataFeed' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/marshaller/OmnitureMarketingFeedMarshaller.java:42:	Parameter 'schStartDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/marshaller/OmnitureMarketingFeedMarshaller.java:44:	Local variable 'feedCodes' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/marshaller/OmnitureMarketingFeedMarshaller.java:46:	Avoid variables with short names like it
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/marshaller/OmnitureMarketingFeedMarshaller.java:46:	Local variable 'it' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/marshaller/OmnitureMarketingFeedMarshaller.java:48:	Avoid excessively long variable names like feedConfigurationCode
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/marshaller/OmnitureMarketingFeedMarshaller.java:48:	Local variable 'feedConfigurationCode' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/marshaller/OmnitureMarketingFeedMarshaller.java:96:	Parameter 'isFullDataFeed' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/marshaller/OmnitureMarketingFeedMarshaller.java:96:	Parameter 'lastModDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/marshaller/OmnitureMarketingFeedMarshaller.java:96:	Parameter 'siteName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/marshaller/OmnitureMarketingFeedMarshaller.java:108:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/marshaller/OmnitureMarketingFeedMarshaller.java:117:	Parameter 'typeOfFeedPrefix' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/marshaller/OmnitureMarketingFeedMarshaller.java:125:	Parameter 'feedTypeConfigMap' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/marshaller/OmnitureMarketingFeedMarshaller.java:133:	Avoid excessively long variable names like collectionFeedFileName
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/marshaller/OmnitureMarketingFeedMarshaller.java:133:	Parameter 'collectionFeedFileName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/marshaller/OmnitureMarketingFeedMarshaller.java:141:	Parameter 'prodFeedFileName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/marshaller/OmnitureMarketingFeedMarshaller.java:149:	Parameter 'skuFeedFileName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/marshaller/OmnitureMarketingFeedMarshaller.java:157:	Avoid excessively long variable names like collectionMethodName
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/marshaller/OmnitureMarketingFeedMarshaller.java:157:	Parameter 'collectionMethodName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/marshaller/OmnitureMarketingFeedMarshaller.java:165:	Parameter 'productMethodName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/marshaller/OmnitureMarketingFeedMarshaller.java:173:	Parameter 'skuMethodName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/marshaller/OmnitureMarketingFeedMarshaller.java:181:	Avoid excessively long variable names like collectionFeedFilePath
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/marshaller/OmnitureMarketingFeedMarshaller.java:181:	Parameter 'collectionFeedFilePath' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/marshaller/OmnitureMarketingFeedMarshaller.java:189:	Parameter 'prodFeedFilePath' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/marshaller/OmnitureMarketingFeedMarshaller.java:197:	Parameter 'skuFeedFilePath' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/marshaller/OmnitureMarketingFeedMarshaller.java:205:	Avoid excessively long variable names like collectionFeedHeaders
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/marshaller/OmnitureMarketingFeedMarshaller.java:205:	Parameter 'collectionFeedHeaders' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/marshaller/OmnitureMarketingFeedMarshaller.java:213:	Parameter 'prodFeedHeaders' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/marshaller/OmnitureMarketingFeedMarshaller.java:221:	Parameter 'skuFeedHeaders' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/marshaller/OmnitureMarketingFeedMarshaller.java:229:	Avoid excessively long variable names like collectionFeedStaticText
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/marshaller/OmnitureMarketingFeedMarshaller.java:229:	Parameter 'collectionFeedStaticText' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/marshaller/OmnitureMarketingFeedMarshaller.java:237:	Avoid excessively long variable names like productFeedStaticText
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/marshaller/OmnitureMarketingFeedMarshaller.java:237:	Parameter 'productFeedStaticText' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/marshaller/OmnitureMarketingFeedMarshaller.java:245:	Parameter 'skuFeedStaticText' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:32:	Avoid really long classes.
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:32:	The class 'BBBMarketingFeedTools' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 10 (Highest = 20).
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:36:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GREATER_THAN_SYMBOL
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:40:	Avoid excessively long variable names like INVENTORY_EXCEPTION_OCCURED_FOR_SKU
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:42:	Avoid variables with short names like NO
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:66:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:66:	The method 'getCJMarketingFeedVOList' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 17.
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:66:	The method getCJMarketingFeedVOList() has an NPath complexity of 900378
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:71:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'feedVOList' (lines '71'-'205').
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:82:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'productWrapper' (lines '82'-'205').
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:83:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'skuWrapper' (lines '83'-'205').
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:84:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'feedVO' (lines '84'-'205').
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:85:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'siteRepItem' (lines '85'-'88').
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:94:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:100:	Avoid excessively long variable names like giftWrapperProduct
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:105:	Local variable 'productItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:106:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:119:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:137:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:152:	Local variable 'sku' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:153:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:188:	Avoid excessively long variable names like isGiftWrapEligible
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:218:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:218:	The method 'getGoogleMarketingFeedVOList' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 13.
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:218:	The method getGoogleMarketingFeedVOList() has an NPath complexity of 9045
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:223:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'feedVOList' (lines '223'-'327').
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:235:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'productWrapper' (lines '235'-'327').
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:236:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'skuWrapper' (lines '236'-'327').
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:237:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'feedVO' (lines '237'-'327').
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:238:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'siteRepItem' (lines '238'-'242').
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:239:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'catItemProp' (lines '239'-'327').
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:248:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:253:	Local variable 'productItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:254:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:266:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:293:	Local variable 'sku' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:294:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:317:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:321:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:340:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:340:	The method 'getGoogleShoppingMarketingFeedVOList' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:340:	The method getGoogleShoppingMarketingFeedVOList() has an NPath complexity of 234
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:344:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'feedVOList' (lines '344'-'444').
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:356:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'productWrapper' (lines '356'-'444').
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:357:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'skuWrapper' (lines '357'-'444').
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:358:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'feedVO' (lines '358'-'444').
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:359:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'siteRepItem' (lines '359'-'362').
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:368:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:373:	Avoid excessively long variable names like giftWrapperProduct
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:378:	Local variable 'productItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:379:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:395:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:421:	Local variable 'sku' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:422:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:457:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'storeItem' (lines '457'-'487').
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:462:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'feedVOList' (lines '462'-'520').
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:463:	Avoid excessively long variable names like storeRepositoryItems
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:470:	Avoid excessively long variable names like storeRepItemWrapper
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:470:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'storeRepItemWrapper' (lines '470'-'487').
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:470:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'storeRepItemWrapper' (lines '470'-'520').
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:471:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'feedVO' (lines '471'-'488').
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:471:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'feedVO' (lines '471'-'520').
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:472:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'siteRepItem' (lines '472'-'475').
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:473:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'siteURL' (lines '473'-'479').
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:473:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'siteURL' (lines '473'-'520').
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:479:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'siteURL' (lines '479'-'520').
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:485:	Local variable 'storeItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:487:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:488:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:531:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'storeItems' (lines '531'-'538').
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:531:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'storeItems' (lines '531'-'543').
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:538:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'storeItems' (lines '538'-'551').
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:543:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'storeItems' (lines '543'-'551').
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:564:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:564:	The method 'getTellApartMarketingFeedVOList' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 19.
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:564:	The method getTellApartMarketingFeedVOList() has an NPath complexity of 6750090
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:571:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'feedVOList' (lines '571'-'703').
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:583:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'productWrapper' (lines '583'-'703').
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:584:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'skuWrapper' (lines '584'-'703').
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:585:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'feedVO' (lines '585'-'703').
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:586:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'siteRepItem' (lines '586'-'590').
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:587:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'skuClassDesc' (lines '587'-'703').
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:596:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:601:	Avoid excessively long variable names like giftWrapperProduct
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:608:	Local variable 'productItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:610:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:623:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:638:	Local variable 'sku' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:639:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:673:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:716:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:716:	The method 'getICrossingMarketingFeedVOList' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 18.
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:716:	The method getICrossingMarketingFeedVOList() has an NPath complexity of 4500378
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:721:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'feedVOList' (lines '721'-'848').
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:733:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'productWrapper' (lines '733'-'848').
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:734:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'skuWrapper' (lines '734'-'848').
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:735:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'feedVO' (lines '735'-'848').
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:736:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'siteRepItem' (lines '736'-'740').
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:737:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'catItemProp' (lines '737'-'848').
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:746:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:752:	Avoid excessively long variable names like giftWrapperProduct
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:757:	Local variable 'productItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:758:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:775:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:794:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:800:	Local variable 'sku' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:801:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:818:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:827:	Avoid excessively long variable names like isGiftWrapEligible
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:840:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:861:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:861:	The method 'getRKGMarketingFeedVOList' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 20.
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:861:	The method getRKGMarketingFeedVOList() has an NPath complexity of 112500090
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:866:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'feedVOList' (lines '866'-'1,020').
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:878:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'productWrapper' (lines '878'-'1,020').
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:879:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'skuWrapper' (lines '879'-'1,020').
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:880:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'feedVO' (lines '880'-'1,020').
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:881:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'siteRepItem' (lines '881'-'885').
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:882:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'catItemProp' (lines '882'-'1,020').
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:891:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:896:	Avoid excessively long variable names like giftWrapperProduct
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:901:	Local variable 'productItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:903:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:916:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:938:	Local variable 'sku' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:939:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:980:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:984:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:1033:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:1033:	The method 'getYourAmigoMarketingFeedVOList' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 19.
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:1033:	The method getYourAmigoMarketingFeedVOList() has an NPath complexity of 9000738
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:1038:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'feedVOList' (lines '1,038'-'1,181').
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:1050:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'productWrapper' (lines '1,050'-'1,181').
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:1051:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'skuWrapper' (lines '1,051'-'1,181').
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:1052:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'feedVO' (lines '1,052'-'1,181').
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:1053:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'siteRepItem' (lines '1,053'-'1,056').
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:1061:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:1067:	Avoid excessively long variable names like giftWrapperProduct
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:1075:	Local variable 'productItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:1076:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:1089:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:1109:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:1118:	Avoid excessively long variable names like brandRepositoryItem
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:1123:	Local variable 'sku' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:1124:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:1150:	Avoid excessively long variable names like isGiftWrapEligible
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:1193:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'productItem' (lines '1,193'-'1,218').
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:1193:	The method getOmnitureCollectionMarketingFeedVOList() has an NPath complexity of 756
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:1197:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'feedVOList' (lines '1,197'-'1,257').
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:1210:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'productWrapper' (lines '1,210'-'1,218').
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:1210:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'productWrapper' (lines '1,210'-'1,257').
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:1211:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'feedVO' (lines '1,211'-'1,225').
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:1211:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'feedVO' (lines '1,211'-'1,257').
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:1213:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'tempCategoryItem' (lines '1,213'-'1,236').
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:1213:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'tempCategoryItem' (lines '1,213'-'1,257').
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:1216:	Local variable 'productItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:1218:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:1225:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:1269:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'productItem' (lines '1,269'-'1,293').
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:1269:	The method getOmnitureProductMarketingFeedVOList() has an NPath complexity of 756
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:1273:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'feedVOList' (lines '1,273'-'1,332').
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:1285:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'productWrapper' (lines '1,285'-'1,293').
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:1285:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'productWrapper' (lines '1,285'-'1,332').
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:1286:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'feedVO' (lines '1,286'-'1,299').
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:1286:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'feedVO' (lines '1,286'-'1,332').
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:1288:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'tempCategoryItem' (lines '1,288'-'1,308').
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:1288:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'tempCategoryItem' (lines '1,288'-'1,332').
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:1291:	Local variable 'productItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:1293:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:1299:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:1344:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'skuItem' (lines '1,344'-'1,371').
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:1344:	The method 'getOmnitureSkuMarketingFeedVOList' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 12.
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:1344:	The method getOmnitureSkuMarketingFeedVOList() has an NPath complexity of 37506
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:1349:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'feedVOList' (lines '1,349'-'1,427').
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:1361:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'skuWrapper' (lines '1,361'-'1,371').
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:1361:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'skuWrapper' (lines '1,361'-'1,427').
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:1362:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'productWrapper' (lines '1,362'-'1,377').
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:1362:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'productWrapper' (lines '1,362'-'1,427').
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:1363:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'tempCatalogItem' (lines '1,363'-'1,406').
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:1363:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'tempCatalogItem' (lines '1,363'-'1,427').
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:1364:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'feedVO' (lines '1,364'-'1,380').
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:1364:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'feedVO' (lines '1,364'-'1,427').
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:1366:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'tempStr' (lines '1,366'-'1,392').
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:1366:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'tempStr' (lines '1,366'-'1,427').
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:1369:	Local variable 'skuItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:1371:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:1378:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:1380:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:1393:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/utils/BBBMarketingFeedTools.java:1397:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/vo/MarketingFeedVO.java:16:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'feedData' (lines '16'-'25').
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/vo/MarketingFeedVO.java:16:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'tempStr' (lines '16'-'20').
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/vo/MarketingFeedVO.java:16:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'tempStr' (lines '16'-'29').
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/vo/MarketingFeedVO.java:22:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/vo/MarketingFeedVO.java:25:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/vo/MarketingFeedVO.java:32:	Object clone() should be implemented with super.clone()
src/com/bbb/feeds/marketing/vo/MarketingFeedVO.java:32:	clone() method should throw CloneNotSupportedException
src/com/bbb/feeds/scheduler/FeedJobsScheduler.java:24:	Avoid excessively long variable names like transactionManager
src/com/bbb/feeds/scheduler/FeedJobsScheduler.java:43:	Avoid excessively long variable names like transactionManager
src/com/bbb/feeds/scheduler/FeedJobsScheduler.java:124:	Parameter 'pSchedulerEnabled' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/feeds/scheduler/FeedJobsScheduler.java:152:	Avoid excessively long variable names like schedulerStartDate
src/com/bbb/feeds/scheduler/MarketingFeedsScheduler.java:7:	No need to import a type that lives in the same package
src/com/bbb/feeds/scheduler/MarketingFeedsScheduler.java:33:	Parameter 'pSchedulerEnabled' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/feeds/scheduler/MarketingFeedsScheduler.java:62:	Avoid excessively long variable names like schedulerStartDate
src/com/bbb/feeds/utils/BBBFeedTools.java:1:	A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
src/com/bbb/feeds/utils/BBBFeedTools.java:1:	This class has a bunch of public methods and attributes
src/com/bbb/feeds/utils/BBBFeedTools.java:61:	The class 'BBBFeedTools' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 20).
src/com/bbb/feeds/utils/BBBFeedTools.java:61:	Too many fields
src/com/bbb/feeds/utils/BBBFeedTools.java:67:	Avoid excessively long variable names like freeShipAttrShipGrpMap
src/com/bbb/feeds/utils/BBBFeedTools.java:67:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'freeShipAttrShipGrpMap'.
src/com/bbb/feeds/utils/BBBFeedTools.java:71:	Avoid excessively long variable names like configTemplateManager
src/com/bbb/feeds/utils/BBBFeedTools.java:79:	Avoid excessively long variable names like siteContextManager
src/com/bbb/feeds/utils/BBBFeedTools.java:80:	Avoid excessively long variable names like cachedCatalogItemsMap
src/com/bbb/feeds/utils/BBBFeedTools.java:81:	StringBuffers can grow quite a lot, and so may become a source of memory leak (if the owning class has a long life time).
src/com/bbb/feeds/utils/BBBFeedTools.java:82:	Avoid excessively long variable names like productsWithOutSkus
src/com/bbb/feeds/utils/BBBFeedTools.java:82:	StringBuffers can grow quite a lot, and so may become a source of memory leak (if the owning class has a long life time).
src/com/bbb/feeds/utils/BBBFeedTools.java:83:	Avoid excessively long variable names like productsWithDisabledSkus
src/com/bbb/feeds/utils/BBBFeedTools.java:83:	StringBuffers can grow quite a lot, and so may become a source of memory leak (if the owning class has a long life time).
src/com/bbb/feeds/utils/BBBFeedTools.java:118:	The method 'getCatalogItemsForFeedGeneration' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/com/bbb/feeds/utils/BBBFeedTools.java:118:	The method getCatalogItemsForFeedGeneration() has an NPath complexity of 297
src/com/bbb/feeds/utils/BBBFeedTools.java:123:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'catalogItems' (lines '123'-'126').
src/com/bbb/feeds/utils/BBBFeedTools.java:123:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'catalogItems' (lines '123'-'150').
src/com/bbb/feeds/utils/BBBFeedTools.java:123:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'catalogItems' (lines '123'-'153').
src/com/bbb/feeds/utils/BBBFeedTools.java:126:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'catalogItems' (lines '126'-'128').
src/com/bbb/feeds/utils/BBBFeedTools.java:135:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'params' (lines '135'-'140').
src/com/bbb/feeds/utils/BBBFeedTools.java:135:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'params' (lines '135'-'146').
src/com/bbb/feeds/utils/BBBFeedTools.java:149:	Position literals first in String comparisons
src/com/bbb/feeds/utils/BBBFeedTools.java:174:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'brandItems' (lines '174'-'188').
src/com/bbb/feeds/utils/BBBFeedTools.java:176:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'params' (lines '176'-'179').
src/com/bbb/feeds/utils/BBBFeedTools.java:176:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'params' (lines '176'-'185').
src/com/bbb/feeds/utils/BBBFeedTools.java:177:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'rql' (lines '177'-'184').
src/com/bbb/feeds/utils/BBBFeedTools.java:184:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/com/bbb/feeds/utils/BBBFeedTools.java:202:	Avoid excessively long variable names like userProfileRepository
src/com/bbb/feeds/utils/BBBFeedTools.java:206:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'userProfileItems' (lines '206'-'215').
src/com/bbb/feeds/utils/BBBFeedTools.java:207:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'params' (lines '207'-'212').
src/com/bbb/feeds/utils/BBBFeedTools.java:230:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'catalogItem' (lines '230'-'242').
src/com/bbb/feeds/utils/BBBFeedTools.java:231:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'catalogItems' (lines '231'-'239').
src/com/bbb/feeds/utils/BBBFeedTools.java:273:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'modifiedDate' (lines '273'-'279').
src/com/bbb/feeds/utils/BBBFeedTools.java:298:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'formattedURL' (lines '298'-'306').
src/com/bbb/feeds/utils/BBBFeedTools.java:343:	Avoid excessively long variable names like schedulerStartDate
src/com/bbb/feeds/utils/BBBFeedTools.java:350:	Avoid excessively long variable names like feedRepositoryItemWrapper
src/com/bbb/feeds/utils/BBBFeedTools.java:350:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'feedRepositoryItemWrapper'.
src/com/bbb/feeds/utils/BBBFeedTools.java:350:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'feedRepositoryItemWrapper' (lines '350'-'363').
src/com/bbb/feeds/utils/BBBFeedTools.java:350:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'feedRepositoryItemWrapper' (lines '350'-'363').
src/com/bbb/feeds/utils/BBBFeedTools.java:365:	Avoid excessively long variable names like schedulerStartDate
src/com/bbb/feeds/utils/BBBFeedTools.java:367:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'feedNotifications' (lines '367'-'370').
src/com/bbb/feeds/utils/BBBFeedTools.java:368:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'recipentEmail' (lines '368'-'385').
src/com/bbb/feeds/utils/BBBFeedTools.java:368:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'recipentEmail' (lines '368'-'396').
src/com/bbb/feeds/utils/BBBFeedTools.java:387:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'message' (lines '387'-'388').
src/com/bbb/feeds/utils/BBBFeedTools.java:388:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/com/bbb/feeds/utils/BBBFeedTools.java:401:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'listPrice'.
src/com/bbb/feeds/utils/BBBFeedTools.java:401:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'listPrice' (lines '401'-'425').
src/com/bbb/feeds/utils/BBBFeedTools.java:402:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'profile'.
src/com/bbb/feeds/utils/BBBFeedTools.java:402:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'profile' (lines '402'-'425').
src/com/bbb/feeds/utils/BBBFeedTools.java:403:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'priceItem' (lines '403'-'412').
src/com/bbb/feeds/utils/BBBFeedTools.java:403:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'priceItem' (lines '403'-'425').
src/com/bbb/feeds/utils/BBBFeedTools.java:405:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'priceList' (lines '405'-'407').
src/com/bbb/feeds/utils/BBBFeedTools.java:412:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'priceItem' (lines '412'-'425').
src/com/bbb/feeds/utils/BBBFeedTools.java:418:	Avoid excessively long variable names like removedItemException
src/com/bbb/feeds/utils/BBBFeedTools.java:456:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'product' (lines '456'-'464').
src/com/bbb/feeds/utils/BBBFeedTools.java:460:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'productWrapper' (lines '460'-'464').
src/com/bbb/feeds/utils/BBBFeedTools.java:461:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'assocSites' (lines '461'-'465').
src/com/bbb/feeds/utils/BBBFeedTools.java:461:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'assocSites' (lines '461'-'476').
src/com/bbb/feeds/utils/BBBFeedTools.java:464:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/feeds/utils/BBBFeedTools.java:478:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'category' (lines '478'-'486').
src/com/bbb/feeds/utils/BBBFeedTools.java:481:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'categoryWrapper' (lines '481'-'486').
src/com/bbb/feeds/utils/BBBFeedTools.java:481:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'categoryWrapper' (lines '481'-'499').
src/com/bbb/feeds/utils/BBBFeedTools.java:482:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'assocSites' (lines '482'-'487').
src/com/bbb/feeds/utils/BBBFeedTools.java:482:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'assocSites' (lines '482'-'499').
src/com/bbb/feeds/utils/BBBFeedTools.java:483:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'categoryName' (lines '483'-'493').
src/com/bbb/feeds/utils/BBBFeedTools.java:486:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/feeds/utils/BBBFeedTools.java:501:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'catalog' (lines '501'-'530').
src/com/bbb/feeds/utils/BBBFeedTools.java:501:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'category' (lines '501'-'526').
src/com/bbb/feeds/utils/BBBFeedTools.java:501:	The method 'getParentCateogry' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/com/bbb/feeds/utils/BBBFeedTools.java:504:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'categoryItem' (lines '504'-'531').
src/com/bbb/feeds/utils/BBBFeedTools.java:505:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'obj' (lines '505'-'511').
src/com/bbb/feeds/utils/BBBFeedTools.java:505:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'obj' (lines '505'-'514').
src/com/bbb/feeds/utils/BBBFeedTools.java:505:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'obj' (lines '505'-'543').
src/com/bbb/feeds/utils/BBBFeedTools.java:518:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/com/bbb/feeds/utils/BBBFeedTools.java:524:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'catalogSet' (lines '524'-'528').
src/com/bbb/feeds/utils/BBBFeedTools.java:524:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'catalogSet' (lines '524'-'543').
src/com/bbb/feeds/utils/BBBFeedTools.java:548:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'categoryName' (lines '548'-'552').
src/com/bbb/feeds/utils/BBBFeedTools.java:552:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'categoryName' (lines '552'-'556').
src/com/bbb/feeds/utils/BBBFeedTools.java:556:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/com/bbb/feeds/utils/BBBFeedTools.java:563:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'categoryVO' (lines '563'-'572').
src/com/bbb/feeds/utils/BBBFeedTools.java:563:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'categoryVO' (lines '563'-'589').
src/com/bbb/feeds/utils/BBBFeedTools.java:563:	The method 'getBreadCrumb' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 15.
src/com/bbb/feeds/utils/BBBFeedTools.java:566:	Avoid excessively long variable names like productNavigationPath
src/com/bbb/feeds/utils/BBBFeedTools.java:566:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'productNavigationPath' (lines '566'-'589').
src/com/bbb/feeds/utils/BBBFeedTools.java:567:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bts' (lines '567'-'573').
src/com/bbb/feeds/utils/BBBFeedTools.java:567:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'bts' (lines '567'-'600').
src/com/bbb/feeds/utils/BBBFeedTools.java:573:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'bts' (lines '573'-'600').
src/com/bbb/feeds/utils/BBBFeedTools.java:589:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'productNavigationPath' (lines '589'-'589').
src/com/bbb/feeds/utils/BBBFeedTools.java:606:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'brandName' (lines '606'-'608').
src/com/bbb/feeds/utils/BBBFeedTools.java:644:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'transRepo' (lines '644'-'658').
src/com/bbb/feeds/utils/BBBFeedTools.java:644:	The method 'isSkuWebOffered' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 20.
src/com/bbb/feeds/utils/BBBFeedTools.java:644:	The method isSkuWebOffered() has an NPath complexity of 17500
src/com/bbb/feeds/utils/BBBFeedTools.java:647:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'previewDate' (lines '647'-'676').
src/com/bbb/feeds/utils/BBBFeedTools.java:649:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'webOffered' (lines '649'-'668').
src/com/bbb/feeds/utils/BBBFeedTools.java:651:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'disable' (lines '651'-'671').
src/com/bbb/feeds/utils/BBBFeedTools.java:665:	Avoid excessively long variable names like translationBooleanValue
src/com/bbb/feeds/utils/BBBFeedTools.java:668:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'webOffered' (lines '668'-'668').
src/com/bbb/feeds/utils/BBBFeedTools.java:671:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'disable' (lines '671'-'671').
src/com/bbb/feeds/utils/BBBFeedTools.java:689:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'transRepo' (lines '689'-'703').
src/com/bbb/feeds/utils/BBBFeedTools.java:689:	The method 'isProductWebOffered' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 20.
src/com/bbb/feeds/utils/BBBFeedTools.java:689:	The method isProductWebOffered() has an NPath complexity of 17500
src/com/bbb/feeds/utils/BBBFeedTools.java:692:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'previewDate' (lines '692'-'721').
src/com/bbb/feeds/utils/BBBFeedTools.java:694:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'webOffered' (lines '694'-'713').
src/com/bbb/feeds/utils/BBBFeedTools.java:696:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'disable' (lines '696'-'716').
src/com/bbb/feeds/utils/BBBFeedTools.java:710:	Avoid excessively long variable names like translationBooleanValue
src/com/bbb/feeds/utils/BBBFeedTools.java:713:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'webOffered' (lines '713'-'713').
src/com/bbb/feeds/utils/BBBFeedTools.java:716:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'disable' (lines '716'-'716').
src/com/bbb/feeds/utils/BBBFeedTools.java:744:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'sampleDataList' (lines '744'-'745').
src/com/bbb/feeds/utils/BBBFeedTools.java:755:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/com/bbb/feeds/utils/BBBFeedTools.java:767:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/com/bbb/feeds/utils/BBBFeedTools.java:853:	Avoid excessively long variable names like configTemplateManager
src/com/bbb/feeds/utils/BBBFeedTools.java:916:	Avoid excessively long variable names like siteContextManager
src/com/bbb/feeds/utils/BBBFeedTools.java:928:	Avoid excessively long variable names like cachedCatalogItemsMap
src/com/bbb/feeds/utils/BBBFeedTools.java:974:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/com/bbb/feeds/utils/BBBFeedTools.java:975:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/com/bbb/feeds/utils/BBBFeedTools.java:976:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:1:	A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:1:	This class has a bunch of public methods and attributes
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:48:	Avoid really long classes.
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:48:	The class 'CSRFormHandler' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 29).
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:48:	This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:48:	Too many fields
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:50:	Avoid excessively long variable names like selectedStoreIdsToEnable
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:64:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mGiftRegistryTools
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:69:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mLinkRegistryServiceName
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:70:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mRegistryInfoServiceName
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:71:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mGiftRegistryManager
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:75:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mStoreInfoBeanList
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:76:	Avoid excessively long variable names like bopusDisabledStates
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:77:	Avoid excessively long variable names like showDisabledStores
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:78:	Avoid excessively long variable names like storesToEnableList
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:83:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mRegistrySuccessURL
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:87:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mProfileSuccessURL
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:102:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REGISTRY_STATUS_INACTIVE
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:105:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_MSG_REQUIRED_PASSWORD
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:106:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_MSG_NOT_VALID_PASSWORD
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:107:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_MSG_REQUIRED_STORE_ID
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:108:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_MSG_NOT_VALID_STORE_ID
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:109:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_MSG_REQUIRED_REGISTRY_ID
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:110:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_MSG_NOT_VALID_REGISTRY_ID
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:111:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_MSG_REQUIRED_EMAIL_ADDRESS
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:112:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_MSG_NOT_VALID_EMAIL_ADDRESS
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:113:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_MSG_NO_BOPUS_DISABLED_STATE
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:115:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_MSG_REQUIRED_BOPUS_FLAG
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:116:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_MSG_NO_STORE_FOUND
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:117:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_MSG_NO_STATE_FOUND
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:118:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_MSG_FOLLOWING_STORE_NOT_FOUND
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:119:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_MSG_INVALID_STORE_IDS
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:120:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_MSG_FOLLOWING_STORE_UPDATE_FAIL
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:121:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_IN_UPDATE_BOPUS_FLAG
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:122:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_IN_UPDATE_BOPUS_FLAG_FOR_STORE
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:123:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_MSG_NO_PROFILE_FOUND
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:207:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pGiftRegistryTools
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:231:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pRegistryInfoServiceName
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:239:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pGiftRegistryManager
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:279:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pRegistrySuccessURL
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:311:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pProfileSuccessURL
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:326:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'errorMessage' (lines '326'-'329').
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:326:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'errorMessage' (lines '326'-'333').
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:326:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'errorMessage' (lines '326'-'360').
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:365:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'listKeys' (lines '365'-'368').
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:366:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'csrPassword' (lines '366'-'371').
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:370:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0) with calls to isEmpty()
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:394:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:394:	The method 'handleUpdateRegistrant' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 29.
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:394:	The method handleUpdateRegistrant() has an NCSS line count of 101
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:394:	The method handleUpdateRegistrant() has an NPath complexity of 16030
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:401:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'success' (lines '401'-'456').
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:401:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'success' (lines '401'-'504').
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:401:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'success' (lines '401'-'532').
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:401:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'success' (lines '401'-'547').
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:406:	Avoid excessively long variable names like profilRepositoryItem
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:406:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'profilRepositoryItem' (lines '406'-'409').
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:407:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isUserPresent' (lines '407'-'411').
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:415:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'registryRepoItems' (lines '415'-'417').
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:417:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'registryRepoItems' (lines '417'-'560').
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:424:	The String literal "There was a system error while extracting registry data, please contact IT Support" appears 8 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 424
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:427:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'registryInfoReqVO' (lines '427'-'433').
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:428:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'registryInfoResVO' (lines '428'-'434').
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:429:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'registrySummaryVO' (lines '429'-'468').
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:429:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'registrySummaryVO' (lines '429'-'560').
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:445:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'giftRegistryItem' (lines '445'-'448').
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:446:	Avoid excessively long variable names like giftRegistryRepository
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:456:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'success' (lines '456'-'532').
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:464:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'giftRegistryItem' (lines '464'-'478').
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:464:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'giftRegistryItem' (lines '464'-'560').
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:465:	Avoid excessively long variable names like giftRegistryRepository
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:465:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'giftRegistryRepository' (lines '465'-'560').
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:479:	Avoid excessively long variable names like repositoryException
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:504:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'success' (lines '504'-'532').
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:505:	Avoid excessively long variable names like repositoryException
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:515:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'linkRegistryRegVO' (lines '515'-'518').
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:516:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'registryResVO' (lines '516'-'522').
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:554:	The String literal "?updated=true" appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 554
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:566:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'errorMessage' (lines '566'-'568').
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:566:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'errorMessage' (lines '566'-'572').
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:566:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'errorMessage' (lines '566'-'591').
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:593:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:593:	The method 'handleViewRegistryDetails' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 22.
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:593:	The method handleViewRegistryDetails() has an NCSS line count of 101
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:593:	The method handleViewRegistryDetails() has an NPath complexity of 85753
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:602:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'regReqVO' (lines '602'-'606').
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:603:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'registryResVO' (lines '603'-'608').
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:604:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'registrySummaryVO' (lines '604'-'613').
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:604:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'registrySummaryVO' (lines '604'-'774').
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:654:	Avoid excessively long variable names like profilRepositoryItem
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:654:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'profilRepositoryItem' (lines '654'-'657').
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:671:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'registryRepoItems' (lines '671'-'673').
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:692:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'giftRegistryItem' (lines '692'-'694').
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:702:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'eventTypeATG' (lines '702'-'704').
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:716:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:729:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:734:	Avoid excessively long variable names like isInputEmaiAndOwnerSame
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:743:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:757:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:770:	The String literal "?showData=true" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 770
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:794:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'profileItem' (lines '794'-'796').
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:806:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'key' (lines '806'-'843').
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:813:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isUserExists' (lines '813'-'814').
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:824:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'profileItem' (lines '824'-'825').
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:836:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'memberId' (lines '836'-'848').
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:846:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:848:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'memberId' (lines '848'-'848').
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:854:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isAccountLocked' (lines '854'-'855').
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:903:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isUserExists' (lines '903'-'904').
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:911:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'profileItem' (lines '911'-'913').
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:912:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'success' (lines '912'-'915').
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:937:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'storeID' (lines '937'-'954').
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:948:	Avoid excessively long variable names like bopusDisabledStoreIDs
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:960:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0) with calls to isEmpty()
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:1011:	Avoid excessively long variable names like bopusDisabledStates
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:1014:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0) with calls to isEmpty()
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:1061:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isStorePresent' (lines '1,061'-'1,062').
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:1097:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'storeBopusInfo' (lines '1,097'-'1,113').
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:1109:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'storeBopusInfoVO' (lines '1,109'-'1,110').
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:1114:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bopusFlag' (lines '1,114'-'1,114').
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:1114:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'bopusFlag' (lines '1,114'-'1,137').
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:1139:	Avoid excessively long variable names like bopusFlagSelection
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:1150:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:1164:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isStorePresent' (lines '1,164'-'1,168').
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:1164:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'isStorePresent' (lines '1,164'-'1,185').
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:1165:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'success' (lines '1,165'-'1,170').
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:1165:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'success' (lines '1,165'-'1,185').
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:1193:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isStorePresent' (lines '1,193'-'1,197').
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:1193:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'isStorePresent' (lines '1,193'-'1,214').
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:1194:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'success' (lines '1,194'-'1,199').
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:1194:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'success' (lines '1,194'-'1,214').
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:1225:	Avoid excessively long variable names like storeRepositoryItem
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:1231:	The String literal "RepositoryException in updateBopusState" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 1,231
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:1242:	Avoid excessively long variable names like storeRepositoryItem
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:1260:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'store' (lines '1,260'-'1,267').
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:1268:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:1272:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:1286:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'pStoreID' (lines '1,286'-'1,319').
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:1286:	The method 'handleDisableBopusStores' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 12.
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:1293:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isStorePresent' (lines '1,293'-'1,319').
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:1293:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'isStorePresent' (lines '1,293'-'1,365').
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:1294:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'success' (lines '1,294'-'1,317').
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:1294:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'success' (lines '1,294'-'1,365').
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:1296:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'stores' (lines '1,296'-'1,299').
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:1298:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:1310:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'allSuccess' (lines '1,310'-'1,326').
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:1310:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'allSuccess' (lines '1,310'-'1,332').
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:1311:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'notFoundStores' (lines '1,311'-'1,365').
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:1312:	Avoid excessively long variable names like storesFailedUpdate
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:1312:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'storesFailedUpdate' (lines '1,312'-'1,365').
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:1313:	Avoid excessively long variable names like storesUpdateSuccess
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:1313:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'storesUpdateSuccess' (lines '1,313'-'1,365').
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:1317:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'success' (lines '1,317'-'1,322').
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:1326:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'allSuccess' (lines '1,326'-'1,326').
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:1326:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'allSuccess' (lines '1,326'-'1,332').
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:1327:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:1331:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:1332:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'allSuccess' (lines '1,332'-'1,326').
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:1332:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'allSuccess' (lines '1,332'-'1,332').
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:1333:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:1336:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:1341:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:1376:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'updateStoreID' (lines '1,376'-'1,390').
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:1381:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'success' (lines '1,381'-'1,394').
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:1381:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'success' (lines '1,381'-'1,415').
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:1382:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'allSuccess' (lines '1,382'-'1,397').
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:1382:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'allSuccess' (lines '1,382'-'1,415').
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:1397:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'allSuccess' (lines '1,397'-'1,397').
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:1423:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'siteId' (lines '1,423'-'1,440').
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:1427:	Avoid excessively long variable names like storeRepositoryItem
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:1435:	Avoid excessively long variable names like updatedBopusSiteMap
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:1463:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'siteId' (lines '1,463'-'1,479').
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:1467:	Avoid excessively long variable names like storeRepositoryItem
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:1474:	Avoid excessively long variable names like updatedBopusSiteMap
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:1513:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'siteId'
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:1533:	Avoid instantiating Long objects.Call Long.valueOf() instead
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:1552:	The method 'getRegistrySummaryVO' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:1554:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'registrySummaryVO' (lines '1,554'-'1,579').
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:1613:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pLinkRegistryServiceName
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:1621:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'dateFormat' (lines '1,621'-'1,628').
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:1621:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'dateFormat' (lines '1,621'-'1,630').
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:1621:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'dateFormat' (lines '1,621'-'1,645').
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:1633:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'date' (lines '1,633'-'1,636').
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:1636:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'date' (lines '1,636'-'1,645').
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:1654:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:1669:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mStoreInfoBeanList
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:1677:	Avoid excessively long variable names like bopusDisabledStates
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:1685:	Avoid excessively long variable names like isShowDisabledStores
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:1693:	Avoid excessively long variable names like storesToEnableList
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/CSRFormHandler.java:1709:	Avoid excessively long variable names like selectedStoreIdsToEnable
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/ProfileInfoBean.java:17:	Parameter 'profileId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/ProfileInfoBean.java:25:	Parameter 'memberId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/ProfileInfoBean.java:33:	Parameter 'firstName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/ProfileInfoBean.java:41:	Parameter 'lastName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/ProfileInfoBean.java:49:	Parameter 'emailAddress' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/ProfileInfoBean.java:57:	Parameter 'registrationDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/ProfileInfoBean.java:65:	Parameter 'accountLocked' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/RegistryInfoBean.java:1:	This class has a bunch of public methods and attributes
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/RegistryInfoBean.java:3:	Too many fields
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/RegistryInfoBean.java:14:	Avoid excessively long variable names like coownerEmailAddress
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/RegistryInfoBean.java:23:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ownerEmailAddressATG
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/RegistryInfoBean.java:26:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ownerRegistrationDateATG
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/RegistryInfoBean.java:27:	Field isOwnerMigrated has the same name as a method
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/RegistryInfoBean.java:28:	Avoid excessively long variable names like coownerProfileIDATG
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/RegistryInfoBean.java:29:	Avoid excessively long variable names like coownerEmailAddressATG
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/RegistryInfoBean.java:30:	Avoid excessively long variable names like coOwnerFirstNameATG
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/RegistryInfoBean.java:31:	Avoid excessively long variable names like coOwnerLastNameATG
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/RegistryInfoBean.java:32:	Avoid excessively long variable names like coownerRegistrationDateATG
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/RegistryInfoBean.java:33:	Field isCoownerMigrated has the same name as a method
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/RegistryInfoBean.java:35:	Avoid excessively long variable names like isOwnerAndInputEmailSame
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/RegistryInfoBean.java:35:	Field isOwnerAndInputEmailSame has the same name as a method
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/RegistryInfoBean.java:41:	Parameter 'registryIDATG' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/RegistryInfoBean.java:49:	Parameter 'ownerProfileIDATG' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/RegistryInfoBean.java:57:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ownerEmailAddressATG
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/RegistryInfoBean.java:57:	Parameter 'ownerEmailAddressATG' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/RegistryInfoBean.java:65:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ownerRegistrationDateATG
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/RegistryInfoBean.java:65:	Parameter 'ownerRegistrationDateATG' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/RegistryInfoBean.java:73:	Parameter 'isOwnerMigrated' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/RegistryInfoBean.java:81:	Avoid excessively long variable names like coownerProfileIDATG
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/RegistryInfoBean.java:81:	Parameter 'coownerProfileIDATG' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/RegistryInfoBean.java:89:	Avoid excessively long variable names like coownerEmailAddressATG
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/RegistryInfoBean.java:89:	Parameter 'coownerEmailAddressATG' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/RegistryInfoBean.java:97:	Avoid excessively long variable names like coownerRegistrationDateATG
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/RegistryInfoBean.java:97:	Parameter 'coownerRegistrationDateATG' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/RegistryInfoBean.java:105:	Parameter 'isCoownerMigrated' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/RegistryInfoBean.java:118:	Parameter 'profileOfEmail' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/RegistryInfoBean.java:127:	Avoid excessively long variable names like registrationDateOfEmailEnteredATG
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/RegistryInfoBean.java:127:	Parameter 'registrationDateOfEmailEnteredATG' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/RegistryInfoBean.java:131:	Avoid excessively long variable names like registrationDateOfEmailEnteredATG
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/RegistryInfoBean.java:137:	Parameter 'registryId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/RegistryInfoBean.java:145:	Parameter 'eventDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/RegistryInfoBean.java:153:	Parameter 'eventType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/RegistryInfoBean.java:161:	Parameter 'pEventDateATG' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/RegistryInfoBean.java:169:	Parameter 'pEventTypeATG' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/RegistryInfoBean.java:177:	Parameter 'ownerProfileId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/RegistryInfoBean.java:185:	Parameter 'coownerProfileId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/RegistryInfoBean.java:193:	Parameter 'ownerEmailAddress' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/RegistryInfoBean.java:201:	Avoid excessively long variable names like coownerEmailAddress
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/RegistryInfoBean.java:201:	Parameter 'coownerEmailAddress' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/RegistryInfoBean.java:209:	Avoid excessively long variable names like isOwnerAndInputEmailSame
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/RegistryInfoBean.java:209:	Parameter 'isOwnerAndInputEmailSame' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/RegistryInfoBean.java:217:	Parameter 'ownerFirstName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/RegistryInfoBean.java:225:	Parameter 'ownerLastName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/RegistryInfoBean.java:233:	Parameter 'coOwnerFirstName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/RegistryInfoBean.java:241:	Parameter 'ownerFirstNameATG' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/RegistryInfoBean.java:249:	Parameter 'ownerLastNameATG' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/RegistryInfoBean.java:257:	Avoid excessively long variable names like coOwnerFirstNameATG
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/RegistryInfoBean.java:257:	Parameter 'coOwnerFirstNameATG' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/RegistryInfoBean.java:265:	Avoid excessively long variable names like coOwnerLastNameATG
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/RegistryInfoBean.java:265:	Parameter 'coOwnerLastNameATG' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/RegistryInfoBean.java:273:	Parameter 'coOwnerLastName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/StoreInfoBean.java:9:	Avoid excessively long variable names like storeBopusFlagBaby
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/StoreInfoBean.java:17:	Parameter 'storeId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/StoreInfoBean.java:25:	Parameter 'storeCity' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/StoreInfoBean.java:33:	Parameter 'storeState' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/StoreInfoBean.java:41:	Parameter 'storeZipCode' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/StoreInfoBean.java:49:	Avoid excessively long variable names like storeBopusFlagBaby
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/StoreInfoBean.java:49:	Parameter 'storeBopusFlagBaby' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/StoreInfoBean.java:57:	Parameter 'storeBopusFlagUS' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/integration/csr/StoreInfoBean.java:65:	Parameter 'enableBopus' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/payment/droplet/BBBPaymentGroupDroplet.java:32:	The class 'BBBPaymentGroupDroplet' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 14).
src/com/bbb/payment/droplet/BBBPaymentGroupDroplet.java:34:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mPaymentGroupManager
src/com/bbb/payment/droplet/BBBPaymentGroupDroplet.java:47:	Parameter 'pRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/payment/droplet/BBBPaymentGroupDroplet.java:48:	Parameter 'pResponse' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/payment/droplet/BBBPaymentGroupDroplet.java:51:	Local variable 'serviceType' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/payment/droplet/BBBPaymentGroupDroplet.java:83:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/payment/droplet/BBBPaymentGroupDroplet.java:83:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'order' (lines '83'-'83').
src/com/bbb/payment/droplet/BBBPaymentGroupDroplet.java:83:	Parameter 'pRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/payment/droplet/BBBPaymentGroupDroplet.java:83:	The method 'getPaymentGroupStatusOnLoad' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 14.
src/com/bbb/payment/droplet/BBBPaymentGroupDroplet.java:84:	Parameter 'pResponse' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/payment/droplet/BBBPaymentGroupDroplet.java:92:	Local variable 'methodName' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/payment/droplet/BBBPaymentGroupDroplet.java:96:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'order' (lines '96'-'106').
src/com/bbb/payment/droplet/BBBPaymentGroupDroplet.java:96:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'order' (lines '96'-'199').
src/com/bbb/payment/droplet/BBBPaymentGroupDroplet.java:97:	Local variable 'orderObj' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/payment/droplet/BBBPaymentGroupDroplet.java:100:	Avoid variables with short names like td
src/com/bbb/payment/droplet/BBBPaymentGroupDroplet.java:100:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'td' (lines '100'-'199').
src/com/bbb/payment/droplet/BBBPaymentGroupDroplet.java:100:	Local variable 'td' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/payment/droplet/BBBPaymentGroupDroplet.java:101:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'rollback' (lines '101'-'157').
src/com/bbb/payment/droplet/BBBPaymentGroupDroplet.java:101:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'rollback' (lines '101'-'199').
src/com/bbb/payment/droplet/BBBPaymentGroupDroplet.java:107:	Local variable 'paymentGroups' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/payment/droplet/BBBPaymentGroupDroplet.java:108:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'giftCardGroup' (lines '108'-'113').
src/com/bbb/payment/droplet/BBBPaymentGroupDroplet.java:109:	Local variable 'iterator' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/payment/droplet/BBBPaymentGroupDroplet.java:111:	Avoid variables with short names like pg
src/com/bbb/payment/droplet/BBBPaymentGroupDroplet.java:111:	Local variable 'pg' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/payment/droplet/BBBPaymentGroupDroplet.java:136:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'gcInfo' (lines '136'-'144').
src/com/bbb/payment/droplet/BBBPaymentGroupDroplet.java:138:	Avoid variables with short names like tm
src/com/bbb/payment/droplet/BBBPaymentGroupDroplet.java:138:	Local variable 'tm' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/payment/droplet/BBBPaymentGroupDroplet.java:209:	Parameter 'pRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/payment/droplet/BBBPaymentGroupDroplet.java:210:	Parameter 'pResponse' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/payment/droplet/BBBPaymentGroupDroplet.java:217:	Local variable 'methodName' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/payment/droplet/BBBPaymentGroupDroplet.java:221:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'order' (lines '221'-'226').
src/com/bbb/payment/droplet/BBBPaymentGroupDroplet.java:221:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'order' (lines '221'-'249').
src/com/bbb/payment/droplet/BBBPaymentGroupDroplet.java:222:	Local variable 'orderObj' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/payment/droplet/BBBPaymentGroupDroplet.java:227:	Local variable 'paymentGrp' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/payment/droplet/BBBPaymentGroupDroplet.java:263:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pPaymentGroupManager
src/com/bbb/payment/droplet/BBBPaymentGroupDroplet.java:263:	Parameter 'pPaymentGroupManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/payment/droplet/BBBPaymentGroupDroplet.java:278:	Parameter 'pErrorPageURL' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/payment/giftcard/BBBGiftCardFormHandler.java:1:	A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
src/com/bbb/payment/giftcard/BBBGiftCardFormHandler.java:40:	The class 'BBBGiftCardFormHandler' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 18).
src/com/bbb/payment/giftcard/BBBGiftCardFormHandler.java:42:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GET_ORDER_GET_PRICE_INFO
src/com/bbb/payment/giftcard/BBBGiftCardFormHandler.java:44:	Avoid excessively long variable names like BBB_SYSTEM_EXCEPTION
src/com/bbb/payment/giftcard/BBBGiftCardFormHandler.java:45:	Avoid excessively long variable names like BBB_BUSINESS_EXCEPTION
src/com/bbb/payment/giftcard/BBBGiftCardFormHandler.java:46:	Avoid excessively long variable names like MAXIMUM_INVALID_ATTEMPT_REACHED2
src/com/bbb/payment/giftcard/BBBGiftCardFormHandler.java:47:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SERVICE_ERROR_DUE_TO_ANY_CACHED_UNCACHED_EXCEPTION
src/com/bbb/payment/giftcard/BBBGiftCardFormHandler.java:48:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PAYMENT_GROUP_GET_AMOUNT
src/com/bbb/payment/giftcard/BBBGiftCardFormHandler.java:49:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PAYMENT_GROUP_GET_ID
src/com/bbb/payment/giftcard/BBBGiftCardFormHandler.java:50:	Avoid excessively long variable names like MAXIMUM_INVALID_ATTEMPT_REACHED
src/com/bbb/payment/giftcard/BBBGiftCardFormHandler.java:54:	Avoid excessively long variable names like RESPONSE_TYPE_JSON
src/com/bbb/payment/giftcard/BBBGiftCardFormHandler.java:61:	Avoid excessively long variable names like valueLinkGiftCardProcessor
src/com/bbb/payment/giftcard/BBBGiftCardFormHandler.java:64:	Avoid excessively long variable names like giftCardSuccessURL
src/com/bbb/payment/giftcard/BBBGiftCardFormHandler.java:68:	Avoid excessively long variable names like giftCardNumberRegex
src/com/bbb/payment/giftcard/BBBGiftCardFormHandler.java:72:	Avoid excessively long variable names like giftCardCoversOrderAmountURL
src/com/bbb/payment/giftcard/BBBGiftCardFormHandler.java:73:	Avoid excessively long variable names like giftCardInvalidAttemptURL
src/com/bbb/payment/giftcard/BBBGiftCardFormHandler.java:76:	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/com/bbb/payment/giftcard/BBBGiftCardFormHandler.java:86:	Avoid excessively long variable names like giftCardSuccessURL
src/com/bbb/payment/giftcard/BBBGiftCardFormHandler.java:112:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'responseJson' (lines '112'-'177').
src/com/bbb/payment/giftcard/BBBGiftCardFormHandler.java:113:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'giftCardBeanInfo' (lines '113'-'134').
src/com/bbb/payment/giftcard/BBBGiftCardFormHandler.java:115:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'message' (lines '115'-'129').
src/com/bbb/payment/giftcard/BBBGiftCardFormHandler.java:115:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'message' (lines '115'-'139').
src/com/bbb/payment/giftcard/BBBGiftCardFormHandler.java:115:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'message' (lines '115'-'149').
src/com/bbb/payment/giftcard/BBBGiftCardFormHandler.java:116:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'error' (lines '116'-'131').
src/com/bbb/payment/giftcard/BBBGiftCardFormHandler.java:116:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'error' (lines '116'-'160').
src/com/bbb/payment/giftcard/BBBGiftCardFormHandler.java:116:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'error' (lines '116'-'177').
src/com/bbb/payment/giftcard/BBBGiftCardFormHandler.java:129:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'message' (lines '129'-'139').
src/com/bbb/payment/giftcard/BBBGiftCardFormHandler.java:129:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'message' (lines '129'-'149').
src/com/bbb/payment/giftcard/BBBGiftCardFormHandler.java:131:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'error' (lines '131'-'160').
src/com/bbb/payment/giftcard/BBBGiftCardFormHandler.java:131:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'error' (lines '131'-'177').
src/com/bbb/payment/giftcard/BBBGiftCardFormHandler.java:160:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'error' (lines '160'-'164').
src/com/bbb/payment/giftcard/BBBGiftCardFormHandler.java:186:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/payment/giftcard/BBBGiftCardFormHandler.java:186:	The method 'preCreateGiftCard' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 17.
src/com/bbb/payment/giftcard/BBBGiftCardFormHandler.java:186:	The method preCreateGiftCard() has an NPath complexity of 460
src/com/bbb/payment/giftcard/BBBGiftCardFormHandler.java:187:	Avoid unused method parameters such as 'pResponse'.
src/com/bbb/payment/giftcard/BBBGiftCardFormHandler.java:190:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'giftCardBeanInfo' (lines '190'-'223').
src/com/bbb/payment/giftcard/BBBGiftCardFormHandler.java:192:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'error' (lines '192'-'207').
src/com/bbb/payment/giftcard/BBBGiftCardFormHandler.java:193:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'errmsg' (lines '193'-'205').
src/com/bbb/payment/giftcard/BBBGiftCardFormHandler.java:193:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'errmsg' (lines '193'-'216').
src/com/bbb/payment/giftcard/BBBGiftCardFormHandler.java:193:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'errmsg' (lines '193'-'228').
src/com/bbb/payment/giftcard/BBBGiftCardFormHandler.java:193:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'errmsg' (lines '193'-'235').
src/com/bbb/payment/giftcard/BBBGiftCardFormHandler.java:193:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'errmsg' (lines '193'-'239').
src/com/bbb/payment/giftcard/BBBGiftCardFormHandler.java:194:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'orderID' (lines '194'-'292').
src/com/bbb/payment/giftcard/BBBGiftCardFormHandler.java:195:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'paymentGroupId' (lines '195'-'292').
src/com/bbb/payment/giftcard/BBBGiftCardFormHandler.java:199:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'siteId' (lines '199'-'292').
src/com/bbb/payment/giftcard/BBBGiftCardFormHandler.java:205:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'errmsg' (lines '205'-'216').
src/com/bbb/payment/giftcard/BBBGiftCardFormHandler.java:205:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'errmsg' (lines '205'-'228').
src/com/bbb/payment/giftcard/BBBGiftCardFormHandler.java:205:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'errmsg' (lines '205'-'235').
src/com/bbb/payment/giftcard/BBBGiftCardFormHandler.java:205:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'errmsg' (lines '205'-'239').
src/com/bbb/payment/giftcard/BBBGiftCardFormHandler.java:216:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'errmsg' (lines '216'-'228').
src/com/bbb/payment/giftcard/BBBGiftCardFormHandler.java:216:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'errmsg' (lines '216'-'235').
src/com/bbb/payment/giftcard/BBBGiftCardFormHandler.java:216:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'errmsg' (lines '216'-'239').
src/com/bbb/payment/giftcard/BBBGiftCardFormHandler.java:233:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/payment/giftcard/BBBGiftCardFormHandler.java:241:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'error' (lines '241'-'248').
src/com/bbb/payment/giftcard/BBBGiftCardFormHandler.java:248:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'error' (lines '248'-'256').
src/com/bbb/payment/giftcard/BBBGiftCardFormHandler.java:258:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'errmsg' (lines '258'-'292').
src/com/bbb/payment/giftcard/BBBGiftCardFormHandler.java:265:	Unnecessary wrapper object creation
src/com/bbb/payment/giftcard/BBBGiftCardFormHandler.java:301:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/payment/giftcard/BBBGiftCardFormHandler.java:301:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'payGrpIDs' (lines '301'-'361').
src/com/bbb/payment/giftcard/BBBGiftCardFormHandler.java:301:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'paymentGroup' (lines '301'-'351').
src/com/bbb/payment/giftcard/BBBGiftCardFormHandler.java:301:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'paymentGroupTemp' (lines '301'-'369').
src/com/bbb/payment/giftcard/BBBGiftCardFormHandler.java:301:	The method 'handleCreateGiftCard' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 18.
src/com/bbb/payment/giftcard/BBBGiftCardFormHandler.java:301:	The method handleCreateGiftCard() has an NPath complexity of 1280
src/com/bbb/payment/giftcard/BBBGiftCardFormHandler.java:305:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'giftCardBalance' (lines '305'-'310').
src/com/bbb/payment/giftcard/BBBGiftCardFormHandler.java:310:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'giftCardBalance' (lines '310'-'412').
src/com/bbb/payment/giftcard/BBBGiftCardFormHandler.java:312:	Avoid variables with short names like tr
src/com/bbb/payment/giftcard/BBBGiftCardFormHandler.java:312:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'tr' (lines '312'-'327').
src/com/bbb/payment/giftcard/BBBGiftCardFormHandler.java:314:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/payment/giftcard/BBBGiftCardFormHandler.java:348:	Avoid excessively long variable names like removalPaymentGrps
src/com/bbb/payment/giftcard/BBBGiftCardFormHandler.java:359:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0) with calls to isEmpty()
src/com/bbb/payment/giftcard/BBBGiftCardFormHandler.java:398:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'redirectURL' (lines '398'-'405').
src/com/bbb/payment/giftcard/BBBGiftCardFormHandler.java:402:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/com/bbb/payment/giftcard/BBBGiftCardFormHandler.java:474:	Avoid unused method parameters such as 'pResponse'.
src/com/bbb/payment/giftcard/BBBGiftCardFormHandler.java:505:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isValidInput' (lines '505'-'509').
src/com/bbb/payment/giftcard/BBBGiftCardFormHandler.java:505:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isValidInput' (lines '505'-'513').
src/com/bbb/payment/giftcard/BBBGiftCardFormHandler.java:577:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pGiftCardInvalidAttemptURL
src/com/bbb/payment/giftcard/BBBGiftCardFormHandler.java:617:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pValueLinkGiftCardProcessor
src/com/bbb/payment/giftcard/BBBGiftCardFormHandler.java:627:	Avoid excessively long variable names like giftCardCoversOrderAmountURL
src/com/bbb/payment/giftcard/BBBGiftCardFormHandler.java:657:	The method 'handleCardBalance' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 12.
src/com/bbb/payment/giftcard/BBBGiftCardFormHandler.java:661:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'responseJson' (lines '661'-'738').
src/com/bbb/payment/giftcard/BBBGiftCardFormHandler.java:662:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'giftCardBeanInfo' (lines '662'-'684').
src/com/bbb/payment/giftcard/BBBGiftCardFormHandler.java:664:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'errmsg' (lines '664'-'679').
src/com/bbb/payment/giftcard/BBBGiftCardFormHandler.java:664:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'errmsg' (lines '664'-'688').
src/com/bbb/payment/giftcard/BBBGiftCardFormHandler.java:664:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'errmsg' (lines '664'-'698').
src/com/bbb/payment/giftcard/BBBGiftCardFormHandler.java:665:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'error' (lines '665'-'681').
src/com/bbb/payment/giftcard/BBBGiftCardFormHandler.java:665:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'error' (lines '665'-'709').
src/com/bbb/payment/giftcard/BBBGiftCardFormHandler.java:665:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'error' (lines '665'-'738').
src/com/bbb/payment/giftcard/BBBGiftCardFormHandler.java:679:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'errmsg' (lines '679'-'688').
src/com/bbb/payment/giftcard/BBBGiftCardFormHandler.java:679:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'errmsg' (lines '679'-'698').
src/com/bbb/payment/giftcard/BBBGiftCardFormHandler.java:681:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'error' (lines '681'-'709').
src/com/bbb/payment/giftcard/BBBGiftCardFormHandler.java:681:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'error' (lines '681'-'738').
src/com/bbb/payment/giftcard/BBBGiftCardFormHandler.java:709:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'error' (lines '709'-'713').
src/com/bbb/payment/giftcard/BBBGiftCardFormHandler.java:756:	StringBuffer constructor is initialized with size 16, but has at least 317 characters appended.
src/com/bbb/payment/giftcard/BBBGiftCardFormHandler.java:767:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBAccessController.java:42:	The class 'BBBAccessController' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 32).
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBAccessController.java:45:	Avoid excessively long variable names like KIRSCH_REDIRECT_URL
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBAccessController.java:64:	Parameter 'pNoCachePages' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBAccessController.java:79:	Parameter 'pSecureEnable' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBAccessController.java:94:	Parameter 'pSecureURL' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBAccessController.java:108:	Parameter 'pGlobalPage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBAccessController.java:112:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mProfileComponentName
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBAccessController.java:124:	Parameter 'pNotAllowedUrl' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBAccessController.java:138:	Parameter 'pRedirectUrl' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBAccessController.java:152:	Parameter 'pTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBAccessController.java:173:	Parameter 'pRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBAccessController.java:173:	Parameter 'pResponse' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBAccessController.java:173:	The method 'service' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 32.
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBAccessController.java:173:	The method service() has an NPath complexity of 103680
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBAccessController.java:174:	Local variable 'methodName' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBAccessController.java:180:	Local variable 'contextPath' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBAccessController.java:182:	Avoid excessively long variable names like uriWithoutContextPath
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBAccessController.java:182:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'uriWithoutContextPath' (lines '182'-'186').
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBAccessController.java:183:	Local variable 'array' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBAccessController.java:190:	Local variable 'notAllowed' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBAccessController.java:191:	Local variable 'mapUrl' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBAccessController.java:192:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'pageName'.
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBAccessController.java:192:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'pageName' (lines '192'-'272').
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBAccessController.java:192:	Local variable 'pageName' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBAccessController.java:193:	Local variable 'noCachePage' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBAccessController.java:195:	Local variable 'isSecure' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBAccessController.java:203:	Avoid excessively long variable names like registry_Success_Back_Btn_Url_Flag
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBAccessController.java:203:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'registry_Success_Back_Btn_Url_Flag' is not final.
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBAccessController.java:220:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBAccessController.java:223:	Local variable 'profile' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBAccessController.java:225:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBAccessController.java:230:	Local variable 'kirschRedirectUrl' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBAccessController.java:235:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'deniedUrl' (lines '235'-'238').
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBAccessController.java:238:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBAccessController.java:245:	Local variable 'removeSes' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBAccessController.java:247:	Local variable 'redirectURL' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBCheckSesionExpireServlet.java:19:	The class 'BBBCheckSesionExpireServlet' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 11).
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBCheckSesionExpireServlet.java:31:	Parameter 'cartPage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBCheckSesionExpireServlet.java:49:	Parameter 'pMsgHandler' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBCheckSesionExpireServlet.java:54:	Parameter 'pRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBCheckSesionExpireServlet.java:54:	Parameter 'pResponse' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBCheckSesionExpireServlet.java:54:	The method 'service' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBCheckSesionExpireServlet.java:60:	Local variable 'ajaxCall' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBCheckSesionExpireServlet.java:90:	Parameter 'pRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBCheckSesionExpireServlet.java:92:	Local variable 'ctx' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBCheckSesionExpireServlet.java:94:	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBCheckSesionExpireServlet.java:94:	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBCheckSesionExpireServlet.java:94:	Local variable 'expVector' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBCheckSesionExpireServlet.java:112:	The method 'getHost' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBCheckSesionExpireServlet.java:118:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'hostpath' (lines '118'-'148').
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBCheckSesionExpireServlet.java:118:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'hostpath' (lines '118'-'153').
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBCheckSesionExpireServlet.java:119:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'hostStr' (lines '119'-'129').
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBCheckSesionExpireServlet.java:119:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'hostStr' (lines '119'-'168').
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBCheckSesionExpireServlet.java:120:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'SplitStr' (lines '120'-'168').
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBCheckSesionExpireServlet.java:120:	Local variable 'SplitStr' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBCheckSesionExpireServlet.java:120:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'SplitStr' starts with uppercase character.
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBCheckSesionExpireServlet.java:122:	Local variable 'pRequest' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBCheckSesionExpireServlet.java:124:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBCheckSesionExpireServlet.java:125:	Local variable 'url' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBCheckSesionExpireServlet.java:126:	Local variable 'contextPath' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBCheckSesionExpireServlet.java:127:	Local variable 'serverPort' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBCollegeLinkPipeline.java:56:	The class 'BBBCollegeLinkPipeline' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 15).
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBCollegeLinkPipeline.java:73:	Avoid excessively long variable names like lstCookieURLPatterns
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBCollegeLinkPipeline.java:76:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mProfileComponentName
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBCollegeLinkPipeline.java:127:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pLstCookieURLPatterns
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBCollegeLinkPipeline.java:163:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pSchoolURLPatterns
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBCollegeLinkPipeline.java:295:	The method 'service' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 12.
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBCollegeLinkPipeline.java:307:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBCollegeLinkPipeline.java:363:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBCollegeLinkPipeline.java:363:	The method 'isSchoolURLPattern' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 15.
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBCollegeLinkPipeline.java:363:	The method isSchoolURLPattern() has an NPath complexity of 290
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBCollegeLinkPipeline.java:376:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'shouldContinue' (lines '376'-'438').
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBCollegeLinkPipeline.java:380:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBCollegeLinkPipeline.java:408:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBCollegeLinkPipeline.java:474:	The method 'getPromotionDetails' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 12.
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBCollegeLinkPipeline.java:483:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'siteId' (lines '483'-'549').
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBCollegeLinkPipeline.java:485:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBCollegeLinkPipeline.java:488:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'calendar' (lines '488'-'549').
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBCollegeLinkPipeline.java:503:	Avoid excessively long variable names like currentCalenderInstance
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBCollegeLinkPipeline.java:558:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'item' (lines '558'-'568').
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBCollegeLinkPipeline.java:559:	Avoid excessively long variable names like chkPromotionProfile
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBCollegeLinkPipeline.java:559:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'chkPromotionProfile' (lines '559'-'569').
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBCollegeLinkPipeline.java:566:	Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBCollegeLinkPipeline.java:569:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'chkPromotionProfile' (lines '569'-'569').
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBCollegeLinkPipeline.java:603:	The method 'isSchoolCookieURLPattern' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 13.
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBCollegeLinkPipeline.java:612:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'shouldContinue' (lines '612'-'652').
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBCollegeLinkPipeline.java:619:	Avoid excessively long variable names like lstCookieURLPatterns
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBCollegeLinkPipeline.java:624:	Avoid excessively long variable names like strCookieURLPattern
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBCollegeLinkPipeline.java:628:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'cookie' (lines '628'-'635').
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBCollegeLinkPipeline.java:628:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'cookie' (lines '628'-'682').
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBCollegeLinkPipeline.java:631:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBCollegeLinkPipeline.java:644:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'profile' (lines '644'-'644').
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBCollegeLinkPipeline.java:644:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'profile' (lines '644'-'682').
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBCollegeLinkPipeline.java:647:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBCollegeLinkPipeline.java:652:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'shouldContinue' (lines '652'-'652').
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBLoadOrderPipeline.java:1:	A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBLoadOrderPipeline.java:60:	The class 'BBBLoadOrderPipeline' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 34).
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBLoadOrderPipeline.java:69:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mCartModifierFormHandler
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBLoadOrderPipeline.java:70:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mBBBDesEncryptionTools
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBLoadOrderPipeline.java:118:	Parameter 'siteContextPath' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBLoadOrderPipeline.java:127:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pCartModifierFormHandler
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBLoadOrderPipeline.java:127:	Parameter 'pCartModifierFormHandler' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBLoadOrderPipeline.java:146:	Parameter 'pOrderManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBLoadOrderPipeline.java:154:	Parameter 'pShoppingCart' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBLoadOrderPipeline.java:245:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pBBBDesEncryptionTools
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBLoadOrderPipeline.java:245:	Parameter 'pBBBDesEncryptionTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBLoadOrderPipeline.java:272:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBLoadOrderPipeline.java:272:	The method 'service' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 34.
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBLoadOrderPipeline.java:272:	The method service() has an NPath complexity of 2124
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBLoadOrderPipeline.java:275:	Local variable 'methodName' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBLoadOrderPipeline.java:280:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'profile' (lines '280'-'430').
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBLoadOrderPipeline.java:281:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'cart' (lines '281'-'430').
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBLoadOrderPipeline.java:281:	Local variable 'cart' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBLoadOrderPipeline.java:282:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'siteContext' (lines '282'-'430').
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBLoadOrderPipeline.java:282:	Local variable 'siteContext' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBLoadOrderPipeline.java:284:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBLoadOrderPipeline.java:297:	Local variable 'order' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBLoadOrderPipeline.java:300:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBLoadOrderPipeline.java:301:	Local variable 'parentJsonObject' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBLoadOrderPipeline.java:340:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'jsonObject' (lines '340'-'343').
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBLoadOrderPipeline.java:355:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBLoadOrderPipeline.java:362:	Local variable 'JSONResultbean' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBLoadOrderPipeline.java:362:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'JSONResultbean' starts with uppercase character.
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBLoadOrderPipeline.java:363:	Avoid excessively long variable names like dynaBeanProperties
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBLoadOrderPipeline.java:363:	Local variable 'dynaBeanProperties' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBLoadOrderPipeline.java:366:	Local variable 'siteId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBLoadOrderPipeline.java:367:	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBLoadOrderPipeline.java:368:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'orderId' (lines '368'-'371').
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBLoadOrderPipeline.java:385:	Local variable 'newOrder' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBLoadOrderPipeline.java:393:	Local variable 'cmHandler' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBLoadOrderPipeline.java:396:	Local variable 'itemInfoArray' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBLoadOrderPipeline.java:438:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'item' (lines '438'-'442').
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBLoadOrderPipeline.java:438:	Parameter 'itemArray' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBLoadOrderPipeline.java:438:	Parameter 'itemInfos' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBLoadOrderPipeline.java:440:	Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBLoadOrderPipeline.java:445:	Local variable 'itemProperties' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBLoadOrderPipeline.java:472:	Avoid excessively long variable names like dynaBeanProperties
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBLoadOrderPipeline.java:472:	Avoid unused method parameters such as 'cmHandler'.
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBLoadOrderPipeline.java:472:	Parameter 'JSONResultbean' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBLoadOrderPipeline.java:472:	Parameter 'cmHandler' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBLoadOrderPipeline.java:472:	Parameter 'dynaBeanProperties' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBLoadOrderPipeline.java:472:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'JSONResultbean' starts with uppercase character.
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBLoadOrderPipeline.java:478:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'itemInfoArray' (lines '478'-'482').
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBLoadOrderPipeline.java:480:	Local variable 'itemArray' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBLoadOrderPipeline.java:482:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'itemInfoArray' (lines '482'-'485').
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBLoadOrderPipeline.java:485:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBLoadOrderPipeline.java:485:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'itemInfoArray' (lines '485'-'485').
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBLoadOrderPipeline.java:513:	Avoid excessively long variable names like dynaBeanProperties
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBLoadOrderPipeline.java:513:	Parameter 'JSONResultbean' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBLoadOrderPipeline.java:513:	Parameter 'dynaBeanProperties' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBLoadOrderPipeline.java:513:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'JSONResultbean' starts with uppercase character.
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBLoadOrderPipeline.java:514:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'orderId' (lines '514'-'517').
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBLoadOrderPipeline.java:527:	Avoid excessively long variable names like dynaBeanProperties
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBLoadOrderPipeline.java:527:	Parameter 'JSONResultbean' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBLoadOrderPipeline.java:527:	Parameter 'dynaBeanProperties' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBLoadOrderPipeline.java:527:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'JSONResultbean' starts with uppercase character.
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBLoadOrderPipeline.java:528:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'siteId' (lines '528'-'531').
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBLoadOrderPipeline.java:543:	Parameter 'order' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBLoadOrderPipeline.java:543:	Parameter 'siteContext' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBLoadOrderPipeline.java:545:	Local variable 'jsonRootObject' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBLoadOrderPipeline.java:549:	Local variable 'jsonCIList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBLoadOrderPipeline.java:551:	Local variable 'iterator' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBLoadOrderPipeline.java:553:	Local variable 'citem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBLoadOrderPipeline.java:556:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBLoadOrderPipeline.java:581:	Parameter 'pDynaBean' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBLoadOrderPipeline.java:583:	Local variable 'dynaClass' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBLoadOrderPipeline.java:584:	Local variable 'properties' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBLoadOrderPipeline.java:585:	Local variable 'propertyNames' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBLoadOrderPipeline.java:587:	Local variable 'name' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBLoadSavedItemsPipeline.java:35:	The class 'BBBLoadSavedItemsPipeline' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 32).
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBLoadSavedItemsPipeline.java:42:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mSavedItemsSessionBean
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBLoadSavedItemsPipeline.java:44:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mSave4LaterCookieName
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBLoadSavedItemsPipeline.java:45:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mSave4LaterCookieAge
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBLoadSavedItemsPipeline.java:46:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mSave4LaterCookiePath
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBLoadSavedItemsPipeline.java:48:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mBBBDesEncryptionTools
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBLoadSavedItemsPipeline.java:78:	Parameter 'giftlistManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBLoadSavedItemsPipeline.java:92:	Parameter 'enabled' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBLoadSavedItemsPipeline.java:106:	Parameter 'mUserProfile' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBLoadSavedItemsPipeline.java:121:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pBBBDesEncryptionTools
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBLoadSavedItemsPipeline.java:121:	Parameter 'pBBBDesEncryptionTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBLoadSavedItemsPipeline.java:129:	Avoid excessively long variable names like save4LaterCookieName
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBLoadSavedItemsPipeline.java:129:	Parameter 'save4LaterCookieName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBLoadSavedItemsPipeline.java:137:	Avoid excessively long variable names like save4LaterCookieAge
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBLoadSavedItemsPipeline.java:137:	Parameter 'save4LaterCookieAge' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBLoadSavedItemsPipeline.java:145:	Avoid excessively long variable names like save4LaterCookiePath
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBLoadSavedItemsPipeline.java:145:	Parameter 'save4LaterCookiePath' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBLoadSavedItemsPipeline.java:160:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pSavedItemsSessionBean
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBLoadSavedItemsPipeline.java:160:	Parameter 'pSavedItemsSessionBean' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBLoadSavedItemsPipeline.java:190:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBLoadSavedItemsPipeline.java:190:	The method 'service' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 32.
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBLoadSavedItemsPipeline.java:190:	The method service() has an NPath complexity of 2593
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBLoadSavedItemsPipeline.java:192:	Local variable 'methodName' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBLoadSavedItemsPipeline.java:194:	Avoid excessively long variable names like isSaveForLaterCookie
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBLoadSavedItemsPipeline.java:194:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isSaveForLaterCookie' (lines '194'-'218').
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBLoadSavedItemsPipeline.java:195:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isGiftListVO' (lines '195'-'205').
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBLoadSavedItemsPipeline.java:202:	Avoid excessively long variable names like savedItemsListBean
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBLoadSavedItemsPipeline.java:202:	Local variable 'savedItemsListBean' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBLoadSavedItemsPipeline.java:205:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'isGiftListVO' (lines '205'-'346').
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBLoadSavedItemsPipeline.java:229:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBLoadSavedItemsPipeline.java:231:	Local variable 'emptyCookie' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBLoadSavedItemsPipeline.java:236:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'isSaveForLaterCookie' (lines '236'-'346').
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBLoadSavedItemsPipeline.java:250:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBLoadSavedItemsPipeline.java:254:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'jsonObject' (lines '254'-'256').
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBLoadSavedItemsPipeline.java:265:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBLoadSavedItemsPipeline.java:271:	Local variable 'JSONResultbean' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBLoadSavedItemsPipeline.java:271:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'JSONResultbean' starts with uppercase character.
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBLoadSavedItemsPipeline.java:272:	Avoid excessively long variable names like dynaBeanProperties
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBLoadSavedItemsPipeline.java:272:	Local variable 'dynaBeanProperties' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBLoadSavedItemsPipeline.java:274:	Local variable 'siteId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBLoadSavedItemsPipeline.java:276:	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBLoadSavedItemsPipeline.java:277:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBLoadSavedItemsPipeline.java:277:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'savedItemsList' (lines '277'-'280').
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBLoadSavedItemsPipeline.java:289:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBLoadSavedItemsPipeline.java:315:	Local variable 'jsonRootObject' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBLoadSavedItemsPipeline.java:353:	Avoid excessively long variable names like dynaBeanProperties
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBLoadSavedItemsPipeline.java:353:	Parameter 'JSONResultbean' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBLoadSavedItemsPipeline.java:353:	Parameter 'dynaBeanProperties' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBLoadSavedItemsPipeline.java:353:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'JSONResultbean' starts with uppercase character.
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBLoadSavedItemsPipeline.java:354:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'siteId' (lines '354'-'357').
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBLoadSavedItemsPipeline.java:369:	Avoid unused method parameters such as 'siteId'.
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBLoadSavedItemsPipeline.java:369:	Parameter 'list' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBLoadSavedItemsPipeline.java:369:	Parameter 'siteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBLoadSavedItemsPipeline.java:371:	Local variable 'jsonCIList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBLoadSavedItemsPipeline.java:373:	Local variable 'iterator' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBLoadSavedItemsPipeline.java:375:	Local variable 'gitem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBLoadSavedItemsPipeline.java:378:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBParameterValidator.java:25:	The class 'BBBParameterValidator' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 12 (Highest = 11).
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBParameterValidator.java:28:	Parameter 'pParamName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBParameterValidator.java:28:	Parameter 'pValue' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBParameterValidator.java:28:	The method 'isSuspiciousParamValue' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBParameterValidator.java:30:	Local variable 'matcherCombined' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBParameterValidator.java:33:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBParameterValidator.java:35:	Local variable 'matcherTag' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBParameterValidator.java:37:	Local variable 'strTag' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBParameterValidator.java:38:	When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBParameterValidator.java:40:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBParameterValidator.java:47:	Local variable 'matcherAttr' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBParameterValidator.java:49:	Local variable 'strAttr' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBParameterValidator.java:50:	When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBParameterValidator.java:52:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBParameterValidator.java:61:	Local variable 'matcherIllegal' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBParameterValidator.java:62:	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBParameterValidator.java:64:	Local variable 'strString' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBReferralController.java:53:	The class 'BBBReferralController' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 5 (Highest = 29).
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBReferralController.java:56:	Avoid excessively long variable names like WC_REFERRER_COOKIE_TIMEOUT
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBReferralController.java:57:	Avoid excessively long variable names like BP_REFERRER_COOKIE_TIMEOUT
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBReferralController.java:63:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REGISTRY_TYPE_EVENT
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBReferralController.java:119:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBReferralController.java:156:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBReferralController.java:156:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'parameterValue' (lines '156'-'255').
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBReferralController.java:156:	The method 'handleReferralURLPattern' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 29.
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBReferralController.java:156:	The method handleReferralURLPattern() has an NCSS line count of 108
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBReferralController.java:156:	The method handleReferralURLPattern() has an NPath complexity of 174338
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBReferralController.java:169:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'refId' (lines '169'-'214').
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBReferralController.java:169:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'refId' (lines '169'-'232').
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBReferralController.java:169:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'refId' (lines '169'-'329').
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBReferralController.java:170:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'currentUrl' (lines '170'-'191').
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBReferralController.java:170:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'currentUrl' (lines '170'-'329').
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBReferralController.java:171:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'curUrl' (lines '171'-'196').
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBReferralController.java:171:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'curUrl' (lines '171'-'329').
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBReferralController.java:172:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'queryString' (lines '172'-'192').
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBReferralController.java:172:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'queryString' (lines '172'-'329').
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBReferralController.java:173:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'referrer' (lines '173'-'198').
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBReferralController.java:173:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'referrer' (lines '173'-'329').
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBReferralController.java:174:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isCJMatch' (lines '174'-'230').
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBReferralController.java:174:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'isCJMatch' (lines '174'-'329').
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBReferralController.java:175:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'referralVO' (lines '175'-'241').
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBReferralController.java:175:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'referralVO' (lines '175'-'329').
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBReferralController.java:176:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'paramValueMap' (lines '176'-'329').
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBReferralController.java:196:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'curUrl' (lines '196'-'329').
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBReferralController.java:208:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'cookieTimeOut' (lines '208'-'223').
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBReferralController.java:208:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'cookieTimeOut' (lines '208'-'226').
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBReferralController.java:208:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'cookieTimeOut' (lines '208'-'329').
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBReferralController.java:220:	Avoid excessively long variable names like buyBuyBabySiteCode
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBReferralController.java:220:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'buyBuyBabySiteCode' (lines '220'-'329').
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBReferralController.java:223:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'cookieTimeOut' (lines '223'-'329').
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBReferralController.java:226:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'cookieTimeOut' (lines '226'-'329').
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBReferralController.java:239:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBReferralController.java:247:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'sessionBean' (lines '247'-'329').
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBReferralController.java:261:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0) with calls to isEmpty()
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBReferralController.java:265:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'maxTimeout' (lines '265'-'268').
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBReferralController.java:268:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'maxTimeout' (lines '268'-'329').
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBReferralController.java:274:	Avoid excessively long variable names like registryTypesEvent
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBReferralController.java:274:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'registryTypesEvent' (lines '274'-'280').
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBReferralController.java:274:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'registryTypesEvent' (lines '274'-'329').
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBReferralController.java:296:	Avoid excessively long variable names like referrerDomainCookie
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBReferralController.java:351:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'referrerDomain' (lines '351'-'354').
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBReferralController.java:408:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isCJMatch' (lines '408'-'424').
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBReferralController.java:408:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'isCJMatch' (lines '408'-'432').
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBReferralController.java:411:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'inputCJParamValue' (lines '411'-'432').
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBReferralController.java:418:	Avoid excessively long variable names like commissionJuncReqParam
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBRequestFilteringServlet.java:19:	Avoid unused imports such as 'atg.apache.soap.util.StringUtils'
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBRequestFilteringServlet.java:19:	Avoid unused imports such as 'atg.apache.soap.util.StringUtils'
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBRequestFilteringServlet.java:44:	Parameter 'pRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBRequestFilteringServlet.java:44:	Parameter 'pResponse' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBRequestFilteringServlet.java:47:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBRequestFilteringServlet.java:50:	Local variable 'destination' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBRequestFilteringServlet.java:53:	Avoid variables with short names like rd
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBRequestFilteringServlet.java:53:	Local variable 'rd' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBRequestFilteringServlet.java:64:	Parameter 'pRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBRequestFilteringServlet.java:65:	Parameter 'exc' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBRequestFilteringServlet.java:66:	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBRequestFilteringServlet.java:68:	Use ArrayList instead of Vector
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBRequestFilteringServlet.java:73:	Local variable 'ctx' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBRequestFilteringServlet.java:75:	Avoid variables with short names like v
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBRequestFilteringServlet.java:75:	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBRequestFilteringServlet.java:75:	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBRequestFilteringServlet.java:78:	Use ArrayList instead of Vector
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBRequestFilteringServlet.java:96:	Parameter 'pRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBRequestFilteringServlet.java:98:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBRequestFilteringServlet.java:100:	Local variable 'validator' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBRequestFilteringServlet.java:101:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBRequestFilteringServlet.java:103:	Local variable 'keys' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBRequestFilteringServlet.java:105:	Local variable 'strKey' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBRequestFilteringServlet.java:106:	Local variable 'values' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBRequestFilteringServlet.java:107:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBRequestFilteringServlet.java:109:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBRequestFilteringServlet.java:119:	Parameter 'pRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBRequestFilteringServlet.java:121:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBRequestFilteringServlet.java:123:	Local variable 'validator' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBRequestFilteringServlet.java:124:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBRequestFilteringServlet.java:127:	Local variable 'reqsmap' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBRequestFilteringServlet.java:132:	Local variable 'keyset' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBRequestFilteringServlet.java:133:	Avoid variables with short names like it
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBRequestFilteringServlet.java:133:	Local variable 'it' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBRequestFilteringServlet.java:137:	Local variable 'strKey' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBRequestFilteringServlet.java:138:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBRequestFilteringServlet.java:138:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'values' (lines '138'-'140').
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBRequestFilteringServlet.java:143:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBRequestFilteringServlet.java:153:	Parameter 'pRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBRequestFilteringServlet.java:153:	Parameter 'pResponse' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBRequestFilteringServlet.java:155:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bAllowed' (lines '155'-'157').
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBRequestFilteringServlet.java:155:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bAllowed' (lines '155'-'159').
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBRequestFilteringServlet.java:156:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBRequestFilteringServlet.java:157:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bAllowed' (lines '157'-'159').
src/com/bbb/pipeline/BBBRequestFilteringServlet.java:158:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/com/bbb/pipeline/LastViewedCookieServlet.java:27:	The class 'LastViewedCookieServlet' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 16).
src/com/bbb/pipeline/LastViewedCookieServlet.java:29:	Avoid excessively long variable names like siteContextManager
src/com/bbb/pipeline/LastViewedCookieServlet.java:38:	Avoid excessively long variable names like siteContextManager
src/com/bbb/pipeline/LastViewedCookieServlet.java:38:	Parameter 'siteContextManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/pipeline/LastViewedCookieServlet.java:48:	Parameter 'cookieLastName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/pipeline/LastViewedCookieServlet.java:57:	Parameter 'cookieMaxAge' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/pipeline/LastViewedCookieServlet.java:73:	The method 'service' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 16.
src/com/bbb/pipeline/LastViewedCookieServlet.java:73:	The method service() has an NPath complexity of 288
src/com/bbb/pipeline/LastViewedCookieServlet.java:77:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'cookie' (lines '77'-'94').
src/com/bbb/pipeline/LastViewedCookieServlet.java:80:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'cookieName' (lines '80'-'157').
src/com/bbb/pipeline/LastViewedCookieServlet.java:87:	Avoid excessively long variable names like lvPrdtListFrmSession
src/com/bbb/pipeline/LastViewedCookieServlet.java:110:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/pipeline/LastViewedCookieServlet.java:115:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/pipeline/LastViewedCookieServlet.java:130:	Avoid excessively long variable names like lastViewedPrdtListInCookie
src/com/bbb/pipeline/LastViewedCookieServlet.java:131:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/pipeline/LastViewedCookieServlet.java:165:	Parameter 'lastViewedCookie' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/pipeline/LastViewedCookieServlet.java:182:	Avoid excessively long variable names like lvPrdtListFrmSession
src/com/bbb/pipeline/LastViewedCookieServlet.java:182:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'prdtId' (lines '182'-'186').
src/com/bbb/pipeline/LastViewedCookieServlet.java:182:	Parameter 'lvPrdtListFrmSession' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/pipeline/LastViewedCookieServlet.java:185:	Local variable 'prdtId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/pipeline/LastViewedCookieServlet.java:186:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/pipeline/LastViewedCookieServlet.java:203:	Parameter 'cookieName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/pipeline/LastViewedCookieServlet.java:203:	Parameter 'cookieValue' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/pipeline/LastViewedCookieServlet.java:203:	Parameter 'pRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/pipeline/LastViewedCookieServlet.java:214:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/pipeline/UserPreferencePipeline.java:38:	The class 'UserPreferencePipeline' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 13).
src/com/bbb/pipeline/UserPreferencePipeline.java:40:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PAGE_SIZE_COOKIE_TIMEOUT
src/com/bbb/pipeline/UserPreferencePipeline.java:41:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PAGE_SIZE_COOKIE_NAME
src/com/bbb/pipeline/UserPreferencePipeline.java:45:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mPagesWithPageFilter
src/com/bbb/pipeline/UserPreferencePipeline.java:62:	Parameter 'bbbCatalogTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/pipeline/UserPreferencePipeline.java:70:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pPagesWithPageFilter
src/com/bbb/pipeline/UserPreferencePipeline.java:70:	Parameter 'pPagesWithPageFilter' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/pipeline/UserPreferencePipeline.java:88:	Parameter 'pRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/pipeline/UserPreferencePipeline.java:88:	The method 'service' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 13.
src/com/bbb/pipeline/UserPreferencePipeline.java:95:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/pipeline/UserPreferencePipeline.java:101:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pageSize' (lines '101'-'103').
src/com/bbb/pipeline/UserPreferencePipeline.java:102:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'fromMedaiPage' (lines '102'-'104').
src/com/bbb/pipeline/UserPreferencePipeline.java:106:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'maxTimeout' (lines '106'-'117').
src/com/bbb/pipeline/UserPreferencePipeline.java:107:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'cookieTimeOut' (lines '107'-'109').
src/com/bbb/pipeline/UserPreferencePipeline.java:111:	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/com/bbb/pipeline/UserPreferencePipeline.java:115:	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/com/bbb/pipeline/UserPreferencePipeline.java:117:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'maxTimeout' (lines '117'-'140').
src/com/bbb/pipeline/UserPreferencePipeline.java:123:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pageSizeFilterCookie
src/com/bbb/pipeline/UserPreferencePipeline.java:130:	Avoid using exceptions as flow control.
src/com/bbb/profile/BBBPropertyManager.java:1:	This class has a bunch of public methods and attributes
src/com/bbb/profile/BBBPropertyManager.java:9:	Too many fields
src/com/bbb/profile/BBBPropertyManager.java:10:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mConfirmPasswordPropertyName
src/com/bbb/profile/BBBPropertyManager.java:11:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mPhoneNumberPropertyName
src/com/bbb/profile/BBBPropertyManager.java:12:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mMobileNumberPropertyName
src/com/bbb/profile/BBBPropertyManager.java:13:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mSiteIdPropertyName
src/com/bbb/profile/BBBPropertyManager.java:14:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mFavouriteStoreIdPropertyName
src/com/bbb/profile/BBBPropertyManager.java:15:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mMemberIdPropertyName
src/com/bbb/profile/BBBPropertyManager.java:16:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mMemberTokenPropertyName
src/com/bbb/profile/BBBPropertyManager.java:17:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mCreditCardNumberPropertyName
src/com/bbb/profile/BBBPropertyManager.java:18:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mSecureCodePropertyName
src/com/bbb/profile/BBBPropertyManager.java:19:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mNameOnCardPropertyName
src/com/bbb/profile/BBBPropertyManager.java:21:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mOldPasswordPropertyName
src/com/bbb/profile/BBBPropertyManager.java:23:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mUserSiteItemsPropertyName
src/com/bbb/profile/BBBPropertyManager.java:24:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mSiteEmailAddressPropertyName
src/com/bbb/profile/BBBPropertyManager.java:25:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mNewRegistrationPropertyName
src/com/bbb/profile/BBBPropertyManager.java:26:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mSchoolIdsPropertyName
src/com/bbb/profile/BBBPropertyManager.java:27:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mSchoolPromotionsPropertyName
src/com/bbb/profile/BBBPropertyManager.java:28:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mFbProfileExtended
src/com/bbb/profile/BBBPropertyManager.java:32:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mProfileItemDiscriptorName
src/com/bbb/profile/BBBPropertyManager.java:33:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mEmailOptInPropertyName
src/com/bbb/profile/BBBPropertyManager.java:35:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mAccountLockItemDescriptorName
src/com/bbb/profile/BBBPropertyManager.java:36:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mAccountLockProfileId
src/com/bbb/profile/BBBPropertyManager.java:37:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mInvalidLoginAttemptCount
src/com/bbb/profile/BBBPropertyManager.java:38:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mLastInvalidLoginAttemptTime
src/com/bbb/profile/BBBPropertyManager.java:39:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mSaveCreditCardInfoToProfile
src/com/bbb/profile/BBBPropertyManager.java:40:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mResetPasswordPropertyName
src/com/bbb/profile/BBBPropertyManager.java:41:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mDescriptionPropertyName
src/com/bbb/profile/BBBPropertyManager.java:53:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pDescriptionPropertyName
src/com/bbb/profile/BBBPropertyManager.java:53:	Parameter 'pDescriptionPropertyName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/profile/BBBPropertyManager.java:67:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pResetPasswordPropertyName
src/com/bbb/profile/BBBPropertyManager.java:67:	Parameter 'pResetPasswordPropertyName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/profile/BBBPropertyManager.java:82:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pAccountLockItemDescriptorName
src/com/bbb/profile/BBBPropertyManager.java:82:	Parameter 'pAccountLockItemDescriptorName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/profile/BBBPropertyManager.java:96:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pAccountLockProfileId
src/com/bbb/profile/BBBPropertyManager.java:96:	Parameter 'pAccountLockProfileId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/profile/BBBPropertyManager.java:110:	Avoid excessively long variable names like InvalidLoginAttemptCount
src/com/bbb/profile/BBBPropertyManager.java:110:	Parameter 'InvalidLoginAttemptCount' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/profile/BBBPropertyManager.java:110:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'InvalidLoginAttemptCount' starts with uppercase character.
src/com/bbb/profile/BBBPropertyManager.java:124:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pLastInvalidLoginAttemptTime
src/com/bbb/profile/BBBPropertyManager.java:124:	Parameter 'pLastInvalidLoginAttemptTime' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/profile/BBBPropertyManager.java:138:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pEmailOptInPropertyName
src/com/bbb/profile/BBBPropertyManager.java:138:	Parameter 'pEmailOptInPropertyName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/profile/BBBPropertyManager.java:152:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pProfileItemDiscriptorName
src/com/bbb/profile/BBBPropertyManager.java:152:	Parameter 'pProfileItemDiscriptorName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/profile/BBBPropertyManager.java:166:	Parameter 'pLoggedIn' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/profile/BBBPropertyManager.java:180:	Parameter 'pMigratedAccount' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/profile/BBBPropertyManager.java:194:	Parameter 'pLastActivityTime' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/profile/BBBPropertyManager.java:208:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pFbProfileExtended
src/com/bbb/profile/BBBPropertyManager.java:208:	Parameter 'pFbProfileExtended' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/profile/BBBPropertyManager.java:222:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pSiteEmailAddressPropertyName
src/com/bbb/profile/BBBPropertyManager.java:222:	Parameter 'pSiteEmailAddressPropertyName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/profile/BBBPropertyManager.java:236:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pUserSiteItemsPropertyName
src/com/bbb/profile/BBBPropertyManager.java:236:	Parameter 'pUserSiteItemsPropertyName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/profile/BBBPropertyManager.java:252:	Parameter 'pSiteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/profile/BBBPropertyManager.java:263:	Parameter 'pNewCreditCard' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/profile/BBBPropertyManager.java:273:	Avoid excessively long variable names like sOldPasswordPropertyName
src/com/bbb/profile/BBBPropertyManager.java:273:	Parameter 'sOldPasswordPropertyName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/profile/BBBPropertyManager.java:286:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mConfirmPasswordPropertyName
src/com/bbb/profile/BBBPropertyManager.java:286:	Parameter 'mConfirmPasswordPropertyName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/profile/BBBPropertyManager.java:298:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mPhoneNumberPropertyName
src/com/bbb/profile/BBBPropertyManager.java:298:	Parameter 'mPhoneNumberPropertyName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/profile/BBBPropertyManager.java:310:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mMobileNumberPropertyName
src/com/bbb/profile/BBBPropertyManager.java:310:	Parameter 'mMobileNumberPropertyName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/profile/BBBPropertyManager.java:322:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pSiteIdPropertyName
src/com/bbb/profile/BBBPropertyManager.java:322:	Parameter 'pSiteIdPropertyName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/profile/BBBPropertyManager.java:335:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pFavouriteStoreIdPropertyName
src/com/bbb/profile/BBBPropertyManager.java:335:	Parameter 'pFavouriteStoreIdPropertyName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/profile/BBBPropertyManager.java:349:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pMemberIdPropertyName
src/com/bbb/profile/BBBPropertyManager.java:349:	Parameter 'pMemberIdPropertyName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/profile/BBBPropertyManager.java:363:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pMemberTokenPropertyName
src/com/bbb/profile/BBBPropertyManager.java:363:	Parameter 'pMemberTokenPropertyName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/profile/BBBPropertyManager.java:376:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pSecureCodePropertyName
src/com/bbb/profile/BBBPropertyManager.java:376:	Parameter 'pSecureCodePropertyName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/profile/BBBPropertyManager.java:388:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pNameOnCardPropertyName
src/com/bbb/profile/BBBPropertyManager.java:388:	Parameter 'pNameOnCardPropertyName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/profile/BBBPropertyManager.java:401:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pCreditCardNumberPropertyName
src/com/bbb/profile/BBBPropertyManager.java:401:	Parameter 'pCreditCardNumberPropertyName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/profile/BBBPropertyManager.java:413:	Parameter 'pBillingAddress' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/profile/BBBPropertyManager.java:421:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pNewRegistrationPropertyName
src/com/bbb/profile/BBBPropertyManager.java:421:	Parameter 'pNewRegistrationPropertyName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/profile/BBBPropertyManager.java:435:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pSchoolIdsPropertyName
src/com/bbb/profile/BBBPropertyManager.java:435:	Parameter 'pSchoolIdsPropertyName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/profile/BBBPropertyManager.java:450:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pSchoolPromotionsPropertyName
src/com/bbb/profile/BBBPropertyManager.java:450:	Parameter 'pSchoolPromotionsPropertyName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/profile/BBBPropertyManager.java:458:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mSaveCreditCardInfoToProfile
src/com/bbb/profile/BBBPropertyManager.java:458:	Parameter 'mSaveCreditCardInfoToProfile' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/profile/UserItems.java:27:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'CLASS_VERSION' is not final.
src/com/bbb/profile/UserItems.java:27:	The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
src/com/bbb/profile/UserItems.java:27:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'CLASS_VERSION' starts with uppercase character.
src/com/bbb/profile/UserItems.java:42:	Parameter 'pItems' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/profile/giftlist/manager/BBBGiftListManager.java:22:	The class 'BBBGiftListManager' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 7 (Highest = 18).
src/com/bbb/profile/giftlist/manager/BBBGiftListManager.java:25:	Avoid excessively long variable names like MSG_UNABLE_TO_RETRIEVE_DATA_FROM_REPOSITORY
src/com/bbb/profile/giftlist/manager/BBBGiftListManager.java:26:	Avoid excessively long variable names like MSG_PARENT_PRODUCT_NOT_FOUND
src/com/bbb/profile/giftlist/manager/BBBGiftListManager.java:27:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PROFILE_WISH_LIST_MIGRATION
src/com/bbb/profile/giftlist/manager/BBBGiftListManager.java:29:	Avoid excessively long variable names like MSG_ERROR_PROFILE_NOT_MIGRATED
src/com/bbb/profile/giftlist/manager/BBBGiftListManager.java:30:	Avoid excessively long variable names like MSG_ERROR_INVALID_SKU_IN_FEED
src/com/bbb/profile/giftlist/manager/BBBGiftListManager.java:31:	Avoid excessively long variable names like MSG_ERROR_STORE_SKU_IN_FEED
src/com/bbb/profile/giftlist/manager/BBBGiftListManager.java:33:	Avoid excessively long variable names like MSG_ERROR_GIFTLIST_ITEM_ALREADY_EXIST
src/com/bbb/profile/giftlist/manager/BBBGiftListManager.java:34:	Avoid excessively long variable names like MSG_ERROR_NEW_GIFTLIST_EXIST_QTYINVALID
src/com/bbb/profile/giftlist/manager/BBBGiftListManager.java:35:	Avoid excessively long variable names like MSG_ERROR_INVALID_QTY
src/com/bbb/profile/giftlist/manager/BBBGiftListManager.java:36:	Avoid excessively long variable names like MSG_ERROR_CREATE_NEW_GIFTLIST_ITEM
src/com/bbb/profile/giftlist/manager/BBBGiftListManager.java:54:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/profile/giftlist/manager/BBBGiftListManager.java:54:	Parameter 'pGiftlistId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/profile/giftlist/manager/BBBGiftListManager.java:54:	Parameter 'pProductId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/profile/giftlist/manager/BBBGiftListManager.java:54:	Parameter 'pSkuId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/profile/giftlist/manager/BBBGiftListManager.java:54:	The method 'addCatalogItemToGiftlist' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 18.
src/com/bbb/profile/giftlist/manager/BBBGiftListManager.java:54:	The method addCatalogItemToGiftlist() has an NPath complexity of 1728
src/com/bbb/profile/giftlist/manager/BBBGiftListManager.java:55:	Parameter 'isMergeWishList' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/profile/giftlist/manager/BBBGiftListManager.java:55:	Parameter 'pQuantity' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/profile/giftlist/manager/BBBGiftListManager.java:55:	Parameter 'pSiteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/profile/giftlist/manager/BBBGiftListManager.java:58:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'displayName' (lines '58'-'156').
src/com/bbb/profile/giftlist/manager/BBBGiftListManager.java:59:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'description' (lines '59'-'156').
src/com/bbb/profile/giftlist/manager/BBBGiftListManager.java:60:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'productId' (lines '60'-'156').
src/com/bbb/profile/giftlist/manager/BBBGiftListManager.java:61:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'skuId' (lines '61'-'156').
src/com/bbb/profile/giftlist/manager/BBBGiftListManager.java:62:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'giftId' (lines '62'-'156').
src/com/bbb/profile/giftlist/manager/BBBGiftListManager.java:63:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'sku' (lines '63'-'75').
src/com/bbb/profile/giftlist/manager/BBBGiftListManager.java:63:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'sku' (lines '63'-'156').
src/com/bbb/profile/giftlist/manager/BBBGiftListManager.java:64:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'product' (lines '64'-'156').
src/com/bbb/profile/giftlist/manager/BBBGiftListManager.java:66:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'errorMsg' (lines '66'-'156').
src/com/bbb/profile/giftlist/manager/BBBGiftListManager.java:84:	Local variable 'isStoreSku' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/profile/giftlist/manager/BBBGiftListManager.java:132:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/profile/giftlist/manager/BBBGiftListManager.java:141:	Local variable 'itemId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/profile/giftlist/manager/BBBGiftListManager.java:168:	Parameter 'mBBBCatalogTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/profile/session/BBBSavedItemsSessionBean.java:28:	The class 'BBBSavedItemsSessionBean' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 2 (Highest = 21).
src/com/bbb/profile/session/BBBSavedItemsSessionBean.java:40:	Avoid excessively long variable names like commerceItemToRemove
src/com/bbb/profile/session/BBBSavedItemsSessionBean.java:48:	Avoid excessively long variable names like giftRegistryManager
src/com/bbb/profile/session/BBBSavedItemsSessionBean.java:59:	Parameter 'pHelper' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/profile/session/BBBSavedItemsSessionBean.java:73:	Parameter 'catalogTool' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/profile/session/BBBSavedItemsSessionBean.java:87:	Parameter 'pStatusManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/profile/session/BBBSavedItemsSessionBean.java:101:	Parameter 'undoQuantity' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/profile/session/BBBSavedItemsSessionBean.java:115:	Avoid excessively long variable names like commerceItemToRemove
src/com/bbb/profile/session/BBBSavedItemsSessionBean.java:115:	Parameter 'commerceItemToRemove' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/profile/session/BBBSavedItemsSessionBean.java:129:	Parameter 'movedItemIndex' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/profile/session/BBBSavedItemsSessionBean.java:143:	Parameter 'mMovedSavedItem' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/profile/session/BBBSavedItemsSessionBean.java:157:	Parameter 'mWishListItemId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/profile/session/BBBSavedItemsSessionBean.java:171:	Parameter 'movedGiftlistItem' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/profile/session/BBBSavedItemsSessionBean.java:179:	Parameter 'giftlistManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/profile/session/BBBSavedItemsSessionBean.java:187:	Parameter 'siteContextPath' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/profile/session/BBBSavedItemsSessionBean.java:202:	Parameter 'userprofile' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/profile/session/BBBSavedItemsSessionBean.java:210:	Parameter 'giftListVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/profile/session/BBBSavedItemsSessionBean.java:220:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'tempvo' (lines '220'-'231').
src/com/bbb/profile/session/BBBSavedItemsSessionBean.java:220:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'tempvo' (lines '220'-'233').
src/com/bbb/profile/session/BBBSavedItemsSessionBean.java:220:	Parameter 'showItemMSG' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/profile/session/BBBSavedItemsSessionBean.java:220:	The method 'getSaveItems' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 19.
src/com/bbb/profile/session/BBBSavedItemsSessionBean.java:220:	The method getSaveItems() has an NPath complexity of 724
src/com/bbb/profile/session/BBBSavedItemsSessionBean.java:222:	An empty statement (semicolon) not part of a loop
src/com/bbb/profile/session/BBBSavedItemsSessionBean.java:222:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'newList' (lines '222'-'287').
src/com/bbb/profile/session/BBBSavedItemsSessionBean.java:222:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'newList' (lines '222'-'291').
src/com/bbb/profile/session/BBBSavedItemsSessionBean.java:226:	Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/com/bbb/profile/session/BBBSavedItemsSessionBean.java:226:	Local variable 'vo' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/profile/session/BBBSavedItemsSessionBean.java:228:	Local variable 'tempvo' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/profile/session/BBBSavedItemsSessionBean.java:235:	The String literal "Error getting item details in BBBSavedItemsSessionBean" appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 235
src/com/bbb/profile/session/BBBSavedItemsSessionBean.java:242:	The String literal "Error getting product details in BBBSavedItemsSessionBean" appears 10 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 242
src/com/bbb/profile/session/BBBSavedItemsSessionBean.java:256:	Avoid excessively long variable names like restrictionZipCodeAttributes
src/com/bbb/profile/session/BBBSavedItemsSessionBean.java:256:	Local variable 'restrictionZipCodeAttributes' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/profile/session/BBBSavedItemsSessionBean.java:261:	The String literal "Error getting Active Deals in BBBSavedItemsSessionBean" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 261
src/com/bbb/profile/session/BBBSavedItemsSessionBean.java:284:	Local variable 'wishList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/profile/session/BBBSavedItemsSessionBean.java:286:	Local variable 'wishtListItems' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/profile/session/BBBSavedItemsSessionBean.java:293:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'item' (lines '293'-'298').
src/com/bbb/profile/session/BBBSavedItemsSessionBean.java:293:	Parameter 'showItemMSG' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/profile/session/BBBSavedItemsSessionBean.java:293:	Parameter 'wishList' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/profile/session/BBBSavedItemsSessionBean.java:293:	Parameter 'wishtListItems' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/profile/session/BBBSavedItemsSessionBean.java:293:	The method 'convertItemsToGiftListVO' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 21.
src/com/bbb/profile/session/BBBSavedItemsSessionBean.java:293:	The method convertItemsToGiftListVO() has an NPath complexity of 5763
src/com/bbb/profile/session/BBBSavedItemsSessionBean.java:295:	Local variable 'listGiftListVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/profile/session/BBBSavedItemsSessionBean.java:296:	Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/profile/session/BBBSavedItemsSessionBean.java:299:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/profile/session/BBBSavedItemsSessionBean.java:299:	Local variable 'newItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/profile/session/BBBSavedItemsSessionBean.java:318:	Local variable 'price' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/profile/session/BBBSavedItemsSessionBean.java:353:	Avoid excessively long variable names like restrictionZipCodeAttributes
src/com/bbb/profile/session/BBBSavedItemsSessionBean.java:353:	Local variable 'restrictionZipCodeAttributes' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/profile/session/BBBSavedItemsSessionBean.java:390:	Parameter 'undoItemQuantity' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/profile/session/BBBSavedItemsSessionBean.java:400:	Parameter 'newItem' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/profile/session/BBBSavedItemsSessionBean.java:401:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'listPrice' (lines '401'-'418').
src/com/bbb/profile/session/BBBSavedItemsSessionBean.java:401:	Local variable 'listPrice' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/profile/session/BBBSavedItemsSessionBean.java:402:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'salePrice' (lines '402'-'418').
src/com/bbb/profile/session/BBBSavedItemsSessionBean.java:402:	Local variable 'salePrice' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/profile/session/BBBSavedItemsSessionBean.java:404:	Local variable 'onSale' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/profile/session/BBBSavedItemsSessionBean.java:408:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/profile/session/BBBSavedItemsSessionBean.java:424:	Avoid excessively long variable names like giftRegistryManager
src/com/bbb/profile/session/BBBSavedItemsSessionBean.java:424:	Parameter 'giftRegistryManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/profile/session/BBBSessionBean.java:1:	This class has a bunch of public methods and attributes
src/com/bbb/profile/session/BBBSessionBean.java:16:	Too many fields
src/com/bbb/profile/session/BBBSessionBean.java:21:	Avoid excessively long variable names like giftRegistryViewBean
src/com/bbb/profile/session/BBBSessionBean.java:27:	Avoid using implementation types like 'HashMap'; use the interface instead
src/com/bbb/profile/session/BBBSessionBean.java:27:	Avoid using implementation types like 'HashMap'; use the interface instead
src/com/bbb/profile/session/BBBSessionBean.java:28:	Avoid using implementation types like 'HashMap'; use the interface instead
src/com/bbb/profile/session/BBBSessionBean.java:28:	Avoid using implementation types like 'HashMap'; use the interface instead
src/com/bbb/profile/session/BBBSessionBean.java:31:	Avoid excessively long variable names like importRegistryRedirectUrl
src/com/bbb/profile/session/BBBSessionBean.java:32:	Avoid excessively long variable names like moveCartItemToWishSuccessUrl
src/com/bbb/profile/session/BBBSessionBean.java:34:	Avoid excessively long variable names like productDetailsRedirectUrl
src/com/bbb/profile/session/BBBSessionBean.java:42:	Avoid excessively long variable names like maxGiftCardInvalidAttempt
src/com/bbb/profile/session/BBBSessionBean.java:44:	Avoid excessively long variable names like registryTypesEvent
src/com/bbb/profile/session/BBBSessionBean.java:47:	Avoid excessively long variable names like creditCardInvalidAttempts
src/com/bbb/profile/session/BBBSessionBean.java:48:	Avoid excessively long variable names like giftCardInvalidAttempt
src/com/bbb/profile/session/BBBSessionBean.java:49:	Avoid excessively long variable names like preSelectedAddress
src/com/bbb/profile/session/BBBSessionBean.java:52:	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/com/bbb/profile/session/BBBSessionBean.java:52:	Document empty constructor
src/com/bbb/profile/session/BBBSessionBean.java:103:	Avoid excessively long variable names like creditCardInvalidAttempts
src/com/bbb/profile/session/BBBSessionBean.java:113:	Avoid excessively long variable names like preSelectedAddress
src/com/bbb/profile/session/BBBSessionBean.java:158:	Avoid using implementation types like 'HashMap'; use the interface instead
src/com/bbb/profile/session/BBBSessionBean.java:158:	Avoid using implementation types like 'HashMap'; use the interface instead
src/com/bbb/profile/session/BBBSessionBean.java:163:	Avoid using implementation types like 'HashMap'; use the interface instead
src/com/bbb/profile/session/BBBSessionBean.java:163:	Avoid using implementation types like 'HashMap'; use the interface instead
src/com/bbb/profile/session/BBBSessionBean.java:173:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pRegistryTypesEvent
src/com/bbb/profile/session/BBBSessionBean.java:180:	Avoid using implementation types like 'HashMap'; use the interface instead
src/com/bbb/profile/session/BBBSessionBean.java:180:	Avoid using implementation types like 'HashMap'; use the interface instead
src/com/bbb/profile/session/BBBSessionBean.java:228:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pGiftRegistryViewBean
src/com/bbb/profile/session/BBBSessionBean.java:238:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pMoveCartItemToWishSuccessUrl
src/com/bbb/profile/session/BBBSessionBean.java:282:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pImportRegistryRedirectUrl
src/com/bbb/profile/session/BBBSessionBean.java:292:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pGiftCardInvalidAttempt
src/com/bbb/profile/session/BBBSessionBean.java:302:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pMaxGiftCardInvalidAttempt
src/com/bbb/profile/session/BBBSessionBean.java:328:	Avoid excessively long variable names like productDetailsRedirectUrl
src/com/bbb/profile/session/BBBSessionBean.java:344:	StringBuffer constructor is initialized with size 16, but has at least 485 characters appended.
src/com/bbb/profile/wishlist/scheduler/ProfileWishListFeedScheduler.java:29:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mProcessWishListFeed
src/com/bbb/profile/wishlist/scheduler/ProfileWishListFeedScheduler.java:42:	Parameter 'pScheduledJob' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/profile/wishlist/scheduler/ProfileWishListFeedScheduler.java:42:	Parameter 'pScheduler' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/profile/wishlist/scheduler/ProfileWishListFeedScheduler.java:57:	Local variable 'startTime' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/profile/wishlist/scheduler/ProfileWishListFeedScheduler.java:88:	Parameter 'mFeedTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/profile/wishlist/scheduler/ProfileWishListFeedScheduler.java:102:	Parameter 'pEnable' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/profile/wishlist/scheduler/ProfileWishListFeedScheduler.java:116:	Parameter 'pEnable' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/profile/wishlist/tools/ProfileWishListFeedTools.java:38:	The class 'ProfileWishListFeedTools' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 11).
src/com/bbb/profile/wishlist/tools/ProfileWishListFeedTools.java:54:	Field isMergeAllowed has the same name as a method
src/com/bbb/profile/wishlist/tools/ProfileWishListFeedTools.java:69:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'count'.
src/com/bbb/profile/wishlist/tools/ProfileWishListFeedTools.java:69:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'count' (lines '69'-'118').
src/com/bbb/profile/wishlist/tools/ProfileWishListFeedTools.java:69:	Local variable 'count' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/profile/wishlist/tools/ProfileWishListFeedTools.java:70:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'status' (lines '70'-'106').
src/com/bbb/profile/wishlist/tools/ProfileWishListFeedTools.java:106:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'status' (lines '106'-'115').
src/com/bbb/profile/wishlist/tools/ProfileWishListFeedTools.java:127:	Parameter 'pRqlQueryRange' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/profile/wishlist/tools/ProfileWishListFeedTools.java:132:	Avoid excessively long variable names like oldProfileWishList
src/com/bbb/profile/wishlist/tools/ProfileWishListFeedTools.java:132:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'oldProfileWishList' (lines '132'-'138').
src/com/bbb/profile/wishlist/tools/ProfileWishListFeedTools.java:135:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'params' (lines '135'-'136').
src/com/bbb/profile/wishlist/tools/ProfileWishListFeedTools.java:136:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'params' (lines '136'-'137').
src/com/bbb/profile/wishlist/tools/ProfileWishListFeedTools.java:138:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'oldProfileWishList' (lines '138'-'162').
src/com/bbb/profile/wishlist/tools/ProfileWishListFeedTools.java:176:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'feedItemtoMigrate' (lines '176'-'188').
src/com/bbb/profile/wishlist/tools/ProfileWishListFeedTools.java:176:	Parameter 'oldProfileWLItems' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/profile/wishlist/tools/ProfileWishListFeedTools.java:179:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'startTime' (lines '179'-'216').
src/com/bbb/profile/wishlist/tools/ProfileWishListFeedTools.java:179:	Local variable 'startTime' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/profile/wishlist/tools/ProfileWishListFeedTools.java:180:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'mgr' (lines '180'-'216').
src/com/bbb/profile/wishlist/tools/ProfileWishListFeedTools.java:180:	Local variable 'mgr' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/profile/wishlist/tools/ProfileWishListFeedTools.java:185:	Local variable 'feedItemtoMigrate' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/profile/wishlist/tools/ProfileWishListFeedTools.java:192:	Local variable 'giftListID' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/profile/wishlist/tools/ProfileWishListFeedTools.java:193:	Local variable 'skuID' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/profile/wishlist/tools/ProfileWishListFeedTools.java:194:	Local variable 'productID' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/profile/wishlist/tools/ProfileWishListFeedTools.java:196:	Local variable 'quantity' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/profile/wishlist/tools/ProfileWishListFeedTools.java:198:	Local variable 'siteID' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/profile/wishlist/tools/ProfileWishListFeedTools.java:200:	Local variable 'errorMessage' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/profile/wishlist/tools/ProfileWishListFeedTools.java:202:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'successStatus' (lines '202'-'205').
src/com/bbb/profile/wishlist/tools/ProfileWishListFeedTools.java:218:	Parameter 'userEmail' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/profile/wishlist/tools/ProfileWishListFeedTools.java:219:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pProfileGiftListItem
src/com/bbb/profile/wishlist/tools/ProfileWishListFeedTools.java:219:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pProfileGiftListItem' (lines '219'-'224').
src/com/bbb/profile/wishlist/tools/ProfileWishListFeedTools.java:219:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'pProfileGiftListItem' (lines '219'-'236').
src/com/bbb/profile/wishlist/tools/ProfileWishListFeedTools.java:220:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pProfileGiftListID
src/com/bbb/profile/wishlist/tools/ProfileWishListFeedTools.java:220:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pProfileGiftListID' (lines '220'-'226').
src/com/bbb/profile/wishlist/tools/ProfileWishListFeedTools.java:221:	Local variable 'profile' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/profile/wishlist/tools/ProfileWishListFeedTools.java:223:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/profile/wishlist/tools/ProfileWishListFeedTools.java:225:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/profile/wishlist/tools/ProfileWishListFeedTools.java:246:	Avoid excessively long variable names like legacyWishListItem
src/com/bbb/profile/wishlist/tools/ProfileWishListFeedTools.java:246:	Parameter 'legacyWishListItem' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/profile/wishlist/tools/ProfileWishListFeedTools.java:247:	Parameter 'pErrorDesc' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/profile/wishlist/tools/ProfileWishListFeedTools.java:247:	Parameter 'pStatus' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/profile/wishlist/tools/ProfileWishListFeedTools.java:249:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'success' (lines '249'-'267').
src/com/bbb/profile/wishlist/tools/ProfileWishListFeedTools.java:250:	Local variable 'repository' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/profile/wishlist/tools/ProfileWishListFeedTools.java:259:	Local variable 'legacyWlItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/profile/wishlist/tools/ProfileWishListFeedTools.java:267:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'success' (lines '267'-'283').
src/com/bbb/profile/wishlist/tools/ProfileWishListFeedTools.java:269:	Local variable 'msg' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/profile/wishlist/tools/ProfileWishListFeedTools.java:284:	Parameter 'params' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/profile/wishlist/tools/ProfileWishListFeedTools.java:284:	Parameter 'rqlQuery' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/profile/wishlist/tools/ProfileWishListFeedTools.java:284:	The method 'executeRQLQuery' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/com/bbb/profile/wishlist/tools/ProfileWishListFeedTools.java:285:	Parameter 'repository' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/profile/wishlist/tools/ProfileWishListFeedTools.java:285:	Parameter 'viewName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/profile/wishlist/tools/ProfileWishListFeedTools.java:287:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'statement' (lines '287'-'293').
src/com/bbb/profile/wishlist/tools/ProfileWishListFeedTools.java:287:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'statement' (lines '287'-'329').
src/com/bbb/profile/wishlist/tools/ProfileWishListFeedTools.java:288:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'queryResult' (lines '288'-'299').
src/com/bbb/profile/wishlist/tools/ProfileWishListFeedTools.java:289:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/profile/wishlist/tools/ProfileWishListFeedTools.java:290:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/profile/wishlist/tools/ProfileWishListFeedTools.java:292:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'startTime' (lines '292'-'329').
src/com/bbb/profile/wishlist/tools/ProfileWishListFeedTools.java:292:	Local variable 'startTime' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/profile/wishlist/tools/ProfileWishListFeedTools.java:294:	Local variable 'view' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/profile/wishlist/tools/ProfileWishListFeedTools.java:339:	Parameter 'pProfileTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/profile/wishlist/tools/ProfileWishListFeedTools.java:343:	Parameter 'pFeedRepository' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/profile/wishlist/tools/ProfileWishListFeedTools.java:351:	Parameter 'batchSize' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/profile/wishlist/tools/ProfileWishListFeedTools.java:358:	Parameter 'isMergeAllowed' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/profile/wishlist/tools/ProfileWishListFeedTools.java:362:	Parameter 'pGiftlistManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/profile/wishlist/tools/ProfileWishListFeedTools.java:379:	Parameter 'pFeedIsCount' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/account/order/BBBRestAccountOrderManagerImpl.java:16:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.account.order.droplet.OrderHistoryDroplet'
src/com/bbb/rest/account/order/BBBRestAccountOrderManagerImpl.java:16:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.account.order.droplet.OrderHistoryDroplet'
src/com/bbb/rest/account/order/BBBRestAccountOrderManagerImpl.java:25:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'Profile_PATH' is not all capitals.
src/com/bbb/rest/account/order/BBBRestAccountOrderManagerImpl.java:29:	Avoid excessively long variable names like legacyOrderDetailsDroplet
src/com/bbb/rest/account/order/BBBRestAccountOrderManagerImpl.java:36:	Avoid excessively long variable names like legacyOrderDetailsDroplet
src/com/bbb/rest/account/order/BBBRestAccountOrderManagerImpl.java:36:	Parameter 'legacyOrderDetailsDroplet' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/account/order/BBBRestAccountOrderManagerImpl.java:49:	The String literal "OrderDetailsManager" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 49
src/com/bbb/rest/account/order/BBBRestAccountOrderManagerImpl.java:51:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'resultVO' (lines '51'-'76').
src/com/bbb/rest/account/order/BBBRestAccountOrderManagerImpl.java:51:	Local variable 'resultVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/account/order/BBBRestAccountOrderManagerImpl.java:52:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'legacyOrderList' (lines '52'-'76').
src/com/bbb/rest/account/order/BBBRestAccountOrderManagerImpl.java:54:	Local variable 'pRequest' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/account/order/BBBRestAccountOrderManagerImpl.java:55:	Local variable 'pResponse' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/account/order/BBBRestAccountOrderManagerImpl.java:61:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/com/bbb/rest/account/order/BBBRestAccountOrderManagerImpl.java:63:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/com/bbb/rest/account/order/BBBRestAccountOrderManagerImpl.java:66:	Local variable 'carrierURL' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/account/order/BBBRestAccountOrderManagerImpl.java:67:	Local variable 'numOrder' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/account/order/BBBRestAccountOrderManagerImpl.java:87:	Parameter 'orderId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/account/order/BBBRestAccountOrderManagerImpl.java:91:	Avoid excessively long variable names like orderAndCarrierData
src/com/bbb/rest/account/order/BBBRestAccountOrderManagerImpl.java:91:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'orderAndCarrierData' (lines '91'-'122').
src/com/bbb/rest/account/order/BBBRestAccountOrderManagerImpl.java:91:	Local variable 'orderAndCarrierData' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/account/order/BBBRestAccountOrderManagerImpl.java:93:	Local variable 'pRequest' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/account/order/BBBRestAccountOrderManagerImpl.java:94:	Local variable 'pResponse' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/account/order/BBBRestAccountOrderManagerImpl.java:96:	Local variable 'email' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/account/order/BBBRestAccountOrderManagerImpl.java:103:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/com/bbb/rest/account/order/BBBRestAccountOrderManagerImpl.java:105:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/com/bbb/rest/account/order/BBBRestAccountOrderManagerImpl.java:111:	Local variable 'objOrderDetailRes' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/account/order/BBBRestAccountOrderManagerImpl.java:113:	Local variable 'carrierURL' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/account/order/LegacyOrderDetailDropletResultVO.java:9:	Avoid excessively long variable names like orderDetailInfoReturn
src/com/bbb/rest/account/order/LegacyOrderDetailDropletResultVO.java:15:	Avoid excessively long variable names like orderDetailInfoReturn
src/com/bbb/rest/account/order/LegacyOrderDetailDropletResultVO.java:15:	Parameter 'orderDetailInfoReturn' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/account/order/LegacyOrderDetailDropletResultVO.java:21:	Parameter 'carrierURL' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/account/order/OrderHistoryDropletResultVO.java:25:	Parameter 'numOrders' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/account/order/OrderHistoryDropletResultVO.java:31:	Parameter 'orderList' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/account/order/OrderHistoryDropletResultVO.java:37:	Parameter 'carrierURL' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:1:	A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:54:	The class 'BBBRestCatalogToolImpl' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 5 (Highest = 29).
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:55:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REPOSITORY_EXCEPTION
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:56:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SKU_NOT_PRESENT_IN_THE_CATALOG
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:69:	Avoid excessively long variable names like DEFAULT_CHANNEL_VALUE
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:76:	Avoid excessively long variable names like promoItemProperties
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:82:	Avoid excessively long variable names like promoItemProperties
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:82:	Parameter 'promoItemProperties' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:91:	Parameter 'dozerBean' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:99:	Parameter 'catalogRepository' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:107:	Parameter 'catalogTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:115:	Parameter 'bbbInventoryMgr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:120:	Parameter 'latitude' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:120:	Parameter 'longitude' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:120:	Parameter 'upcCode' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:120:	The method 'getProductDetailsByUPC' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 15.
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:136:	Avoid excessively long variable names like productRepositoryItem
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:136:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'productRepositoryItem' (lines '136'-'179').
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:136:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'productRepositoryItem' (lines '136'-'207').
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:137:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'productMobileVO' (lines '137'-'190').
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:137:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'productMobileVO' (lines '137'-'207').
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:143:	Local variable 'today' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:144:	Local variable 'dateTimeStamp' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:145:	Local variable 'time' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:146:	Local variable 'siteID' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:147:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'channel' (lines '147'-'154').
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:147:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'channel' (lines '147'-'164').
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:148:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'storeID' (lines '148'-'155').
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:148:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'storeID' (lines '148'-'165').
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:151:	Local variable 'request' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:152:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:156:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:158:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:176:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:178:	Local variable 'skuRepositoryItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:181:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'pdpSeoUrl' (lines '181'-'207').
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:204:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:219:	Parameter 'skuID' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:219:	Parameter 'skuRepositoryItem' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:228:	Local variable 'skuVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:229:	Local variable 'productMobileVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:230:	Local variable 'skuRestVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:240:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:248:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:264:	Avoid excessively long variable names like calculateAboveBelowLine
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:264:	Parameter 'calculateAboveBelowLine' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:264:	Parameter 'includeStoreItems' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:264:	Parameter 'pSkuId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:274:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'siteId' (lines '274'-'280').
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:277:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'skuRestVO' (lines '277'-'333').
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:277:	Local variable 'skuRestVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:278:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'skuVO' (lines '278'-'286').
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:278:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'skuVO' (lines '278'-'333').
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:279:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'inventoryStatus' (lines '279'-'333').
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:280:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'siteId' (lines '280'-'333').
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:293:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:296:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:304:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:312:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:339:	Parameter 'skuRestVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:339:	Parameter 'skuVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:343:	Avoid excessively long variable names like productAllAttributesVO
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:343:	Local variable 'productAllAttributesVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:355:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:355:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'product' (lines '355'-'409').
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:355:	Parameter 'pProductId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:355:	The method 'getProductDetails' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 22.
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:355:	The method getProductDetails() has an NPath complexity of 1056
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:362:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'siteId' (lines '362'-'371').
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:363:	Local variable 'productRestVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:364:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'productVO' (lines '364'-'373').
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:365:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'skuRollupMap' (lines '365'-'459').
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:365:	Local variable 'skuRollupMap' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:385:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'lstChidSku' (lines '385'-'411').
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:385:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'lstChidSku' (lines '385'-'419').
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:385:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'lstChidSku' (lines '385'-'428').
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:385:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'lstChidSku' (lines '385'-'459').
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:387:	Avoid excessively long variable names like productRepositoryItem
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:390:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isCollection' (lines '390'-'394').
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:391:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isLeadProduct' (lines '391'-'398').
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:405:	Avoid excessively long variable names like collectionProductVO
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:405:	Local variable 'collectionProductVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:406:	Local variable 'list' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:407:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0) with calls to isEmpty()
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:408:	Local variable 'product' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:410:	Avoid excessively long variable names like childProductRepositoryItem
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:410:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'childProductRepositoryItem' (lines '410'-'410').
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:410:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'childProductRepositoryItem' (lines '410'-'459').
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:412:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0) with calls to isEmpty()
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:420:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0) with calls to isEmpty()
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:429:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0) with calls to isEmpty()
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:461:	Avoid excessively long variable names like childProductRepositoryItem
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:461:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'skuId' (lines '461'-'480').
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:461:	Parameter 'childProductRepositoryItem' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:461:	Parameter 'lstChidSku' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:461:	Parameter 'productRestVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:461:	Parameter 'skuRollupMap' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:461:	The method 'populateSkuRollUpMap' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 29.
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:461:	The method populateSkuRollUpMap() has an NPath complexity of 30996
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:467:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'rollup' (lines '467'-'486').
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:468:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'color' (lines '468'-'482').
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:469:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'size' (lines '469'-'483').
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:470:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'rollupAttribute' (lines '470'-'476').
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:473:	Avoid excessively long variable names like repositoryItemRollupType
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:473:	Local variable 'repositoryItemRollupType' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:479:	Local variable 'skuId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:481:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:482:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'color' (lines '482'-'533').
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:483:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'size' (lines '483'-'533').
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:486:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'rollup' (lines '486'-'489').
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:486:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'rollup' (lines '486'-'494').
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:486:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'rollup' (lines '486'-'497').
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:486:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'rollup' (lines '486'-'502').
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:486:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'rollup' (lines '486'-'508').
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:486:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'rollup' (lines '486'-'513').
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:489:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:494:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'rollup' (lines '494'-'497').
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:494:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'rollup' (lines '494'-'502').
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:494:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'rollup' (lines '494'-'508').
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:494:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'rollup' (lines '494'-'513').
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:497:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:501:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:502:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'rollup' (lines '502'-'508').
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:502:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'rollup' (lines '502'-'513').
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:507:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:508:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'rollup' (lines '508'-'513').
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:512:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:527:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:545:	Parameter 'productRestVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:546:	Parameter 'productVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:551:	Avoid excessively long variable names like productAllAttributesVO
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:551:	Local variable 'productAllAttributesVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:565:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'key' (lines '565'-'578').
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:565:	Parameter 'productRestVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:566:	Parameter 'productVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:570:	Avoid excessively long variable names like lstRollupAttributes
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:570:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'lstRollupAttributes' (lines '570'-'588').
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:570:	Local variable 'lstRollupAttributes' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:572:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mapRollupAttributesList
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:572:	Local variable 'mapRollupAttributesList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:574:	Local variable 'keySet' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:576:	Local variable 'key' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:577:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:577:	Local variable 'productRollupVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:578:	Local variable 'rollUpList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:597:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'key' (lines '597'-'613').
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:597:	Parameter 'productRestVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:598:	Parameter 'productVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:602:	Avoid excessively long variable names like lstPrdRelationRollupVO
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:602:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'lstPrdRelationRollupVO' (lines '602'-'623').
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:602:	Local variable 'lstPrdRelationRollupVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:604:	Local variable 'mapAttributesList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:609:	Local variable 'keySet' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:611:	Local variable 'key' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:612:	Avoid excessively long variable names like prdRelationRollupVO
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:612:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:612:	Local variable 'prdRelationRollupVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:613:	Local variable 'rollUpList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:633:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'prodId' (lines '633'-'641').
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:633:	Parameter 'pProductIdList' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:634:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pMap' (lines '634'-'638').
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:635:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'siteId' (lines '635'-'655').
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:635:	Local variable 'siteId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:637:	Local variable 'pList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:639:	Local variable 'prodId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:640:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:640:	Local variable 'pPLPVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:641:	Local variable 'pVo' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:643:	Local variable 'mapper' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:648:	Avoid excessively long variable names like productAllAttributesVO
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:648:	Local variable 'productAllAttributesVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:664:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'key' (lines '664'-'675').
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:664:	Parameter 'mapAttributesList' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:666:	Local variable 'allAttributeVOs' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:670:	Local variable 'keySet' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:672:	Local variable 'allAttributesList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:674:	Local variable 'key' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:675:	Local variable 'attributesList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:694:	Parameter 'allAttributes' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:696:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'newAttributesList' (lines '696'-'702').
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:700:	Local variable 'hashSet' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:712:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'pVO' (lines '712'-'746').
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:712:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'prop' (lines '712'-'730').
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:716:	An empty statement (semicolon) not part of a loop
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:716:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'cdVO' (lines '716'-'756').
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:717:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'schoolVO' (lines '717'-'725').
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:717:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'schoolVO' (lines '717'-'756').
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:718:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'productList' (lines '718'-'738').
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:718:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'productList' (lines '718'-'756').
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:728:	Local variable 'pMap' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:729:	Local variable 'prop' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:730:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:736:	Local variable 'siteId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:741:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:742:	Local variable 'pPlpList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:743:	Local variable 'pVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:744:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:744:	Local variable 'pPLPVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:745:	Local variable 'mapper' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:767:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'timeZoneList' (lines '767'-'770').
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:768:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'siteId' (lines '768'-'769').
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:783:	Parameter 'categoryId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:785:	Avoid excessively long variable names like firstLevelCategory
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:785:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'firstLevelCategory' (lines '785'-'796').
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:790:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'siteId' (lines '790'-'794').
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/BBBRestCatalogToolImpl.java:796:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'firstLevelCategory' (lines '796'-'808').
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/vo/CatalogItemAttributesVO.java:16:	Parameter 'pAttributeVOsList' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/vo/CollegeDetailVO.java:20:	Parameter 'promoMap' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/vo/CollegeDetailVO.java:26:	Parameter 'schoolVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/vo/CollegeDetailVO.java:32:	Parameter 'productVOList' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/vo/CollegeMerchandizeVO.java:14:	Avoid excessively long variable names like alphabetCollegeListMap
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/vo/CollegeMerchandizeVO.java:20:	Avoid excessively long variable names like alphabetCollegeListMap
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/vo/CollegeMerchandizeVO.java:20:	Parameter 'alphabetCollegeListMap' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/vo/CollegeMerchandizeVO.java:26:	Parameter 'collegeBucket' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/vo/CreditCardRestInfo.java:42:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mExpirationDayOfMonth
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/vo/CreditCardRestInfo.java:67:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mCardVerificationNumber
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/vo/CreditCardRestInfo.java:79:	Parameter 'pNameOnCard' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/vo/CreditCardRestInfo.java:93:	Parameter 'pCreditCardId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/vo/CreditCardRestInfo.java:107:	Parameter 'pSource' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/vo/CreditCardRestInfo.java:120:	Parameter 'pCreditCardNumber' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/vo/CreditCardRestInfo.java:134:	Parameter 'pCreditCardType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/vo/CreditCardRestInfo.java:148:	Parameter 'pExpirationMonth' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/vo/CreditCardRestInfo.java:162:	Parameter 'pExpirationYear' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/vo/CreditCardRestInfo.java:177:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pCardVerificationNumber
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/vo/CreditCardRestInfo.java:177:	Parameter 'pCardVerificationNumber' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/vo/CreditCardRestInfo.java:191:	Parameter 'pAmount' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/vo/CreditCardRestInfo.java:205:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pExpirationDayOfMonth
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/vo/CreditCardRestInfo.java:205:	Parameter 'pExpirationDayOfMonth' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/vo/CreditCardRestInfo.java:219:	Parameter 'pPaymentId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/vo/CreditCardRestInfo.java:233:	Parameter 'pCurrencyCode' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/vo/CreditCardRestInfo.java:248:	Parameter 'pExpired' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/vo/CreditCardRestInfo.java:262:	Parameter 'pLastFourDigits' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/vo/CreditCardRestInfo.java:277:	Parameter 'pDefault' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/vo/PrdRelationRollupVO.java:15:	Parameter 'rollupTypeKey' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/vo/PrdRelationRollupVO.java:21:	Parameter 'rollupTypeVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/vo/ProductFilterVO.java:15:	Avoid excessively long variable names like productAttributeVO
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/vo/ProductFilterVO.java:23:	Parameter 'productRollupVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/vo/ProductFilterVO.java:29:	Parameter 'prdRelationRollup' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/vo/ProductFilterVO.java:35:	Avoid excessively long variable names like productAttributeVO
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/vo/ProductFilterVO.java:35:	Parameter 'productAttributeVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/vo/ProductFilterVO.java:41:	Parameter 'productVORest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/vo/ProductFilterVO.java:47:	Parameter 'skuRollupMapRest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/vo/ProductMobileVO.java:14:	Parameter 'skuRestVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/vo/ProductMobileVO.java:22:	Parameter 'childSku' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/vo/ProductMobileVO.java:30:	Parameter 'productId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/vo/ProductMobileVO.java:38:	Parameter 'pdpSeoUrl' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/vo/ProductPLPVO.java:12:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/vo/ProductPLPVO.java:14:	Avoid excessively long variable names like productShortDescription
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/vo/ProductPLPVO.java:15:	Avoid excessively long variable names like productLongDescription
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/vo/ProductPLPVO.java:16:	Avoid excessively long variable names like productPriceRangeDescription
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/vo/ProductPLPVO.java:17:	Avoid excessively long variable names like productSalePriceRangeDescription
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/vo/ProductPLPVO.java:18:	Avoid excessively long variable names like productAttributesList
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/vo/ProductPLPVO.java:19:	Avoid excessively long variable names like productSkuLowPrice
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/vo/ProductPLPVO.java:20:	Avoid excessively long variable names like productSkuHighPrice
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/vo/ProductPLPVO.java:24:	Avoid excessively long variable names like productAllAttributesVO
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/vo/ProductPLPVO.java:30:	Parameter 'allAttributeVOs' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/vo/ProductPLPVO.java:44:	Parameter 'productImages' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/vo/ProductPLPVO.java:59:	Avoid excessively long variable names like productSalePriceRangeDescription
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/vo/ProductPLPVO.java:59:	Parameter 'productSalePriceRangeDescription' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/vo/ProductPLPVO.java:74:	Avoid excessively long variable names like productAttributesList
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/vo/ProductPLPVO.java:74:	Parameter 'productAttributesList' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/vo/ProductPLPVO.java:88:	Parameter 'productBVReviews' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/vo/ProductPLPVO.java:96:	Parameter 'productName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/vo/ProductPLPVO.java:104:	Avoid excessively long variable names like productShortDescription
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/vo/ProductPLPVO.java:104:	Parameter 'productShortDescription' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/vo/ProductPLPVO.java:112:	Avoid excessively long variable names like productLongDescription
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/vo/ProductPLPVO.java:112:	Parameter 'productLongDescription' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/vo/ProductPLPVO.java:120:	Avoid excessively long variable names like productPriceRangeDescription
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/vo/ProductPLPVO.java:120:	Parameter 'productPriceRangeDescription' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/vo/ProductPLPVO.java:128:	Avoid excessively long variable names like productSkuLowPrice
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/vo/ProductPLPVO.java:128:	Parameter 'productSkuLowPrice' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/vo/ProductPLPVO.java:136:	Avoid excessively long variable names like productSkuHighPrice
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/vo/ProductPLPVO.java:136:	Parameter 'productSkuHighPrice' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/vo/ProductPLPVO.java:144:	Parameter 'productId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/vo/ProductRestVO.java:14:	Avoid excessively long variable names like productAllAttributesVO
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/vo/ProductRestVO.java:23:	Parameter 'allAttributeVOs' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/vo/ProductRestVO.java:31:	Parameter 'productRollupVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/vo/ProductRestVO.java:39:	Parameter 'prdRelationRollup' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/vo/ProductRestVO.java:47:	Parameter 'skuRollupMap' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/vo/ProductRestVO.java:55:	Parameter 'productVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/vo/ProductRestVO.java:69:	Parameter 'errorExist' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/vo/ProductRestVO.java:83:	Parameter 'errorCode' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/vo/ProductRestVO.java:97:	Parameter 'errorMessage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/vo/ProductRollupVO.java:15:	Parameter 'rollupTypeKey' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/vo/ProductRollupVO.java:21:	Parameter 'rollupTypeVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/vo/SkuRestVO.java:3:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.List'
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/vo/SkuRestVO.java:3:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.List'
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/vo/SkuRestVO.java:4:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.Map'
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/vo/SkuRestVO.java:4:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.Map'
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/vo/SkuRestVO.java:6:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.commerce.catalog.vo.ProductVO'
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/vo/SkuRestVO.java:6:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.commerce.catalog.vo.ProductVO'
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/vo/SkuRestVO.java:8:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.commerce.catalog.vo.SKUVO'
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/vo/SkuRestVO.java:8:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.commerce.catalog.vo.SKUVO'
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/vo/SkuRestVO.java:22:	Parameter 'skuAttributeVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/vo/SkuRestVO.java:30:	Parameter 'inventoryStatus' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/vo/SkuRestVO.java:38:	Parameter 'skuVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/vo/SkuRestVO.java:46:	Parameter 'listPrice' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/catalog/vo/SkuRestVO.java:54:	Parameter 'salePrice' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/checkout/vo/AppliedCouponListVO.java:17:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mCouponsExclusions
src/com/bbb/rest/checkout/vo/AppliedCouponListVO.java:22:	Parameter 'typeDetail' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/checkout/vo/AppliedCouponListVO.java:29:	Parameter 'selected' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/checkout/vo/AppliedCouponListVO.java:35:	Parameter 'index' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/checkout/vo/AppliedCouponListVO.java:41:	Parameter 'couponId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/checkout/vo/AppliedCouponListVO.java:47:	Parameter 'displayName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/checkout/vo/AppliedCouponListVO.java:53:	Parameter 'description' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/checkout/vo/AppliedCouponListVO.java:59:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pCouponsExclusions
src/com/bbb/rest/checkout/vo/AppliedCouponListVO.java:59:	Parameter 'pCouponsExclusions' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/checkout/vo/CreditCardInfoVO.java:16:	Avoid excessively long variable names like creditCardInfoList
src/com/bbb/rest/checkout/vo/CreditCardInfoVO.java:20:	Parameter 'selectedId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/checkout/vo/CreditCardInfoVO.java:27:	Parameter 'orderBalance' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/checkout/vo/CreditCardInfoVO.java:34:	Avoid excessively long variable names like creditCardInfoList
src/com/bbb/rest/checkout/vo/CreditCardInfoVO.java:34:	Parameter 'creditCardInfoList' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/manager/MobileTemplateManager.java:1:	A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/manager/MobileTemplateManager.java:8:	Avoid unused imports such as 'atg.repository.MutableRepository'
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/manager/MobileTemplateManager.java:8:	Avoid unused imports such as 'atg.repository.MutableRepository'
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/manager/MobileTemplateManager.java:17:	Avoid unused imports such as 'atg.servlet.DynamoHttpServletRequest'
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/manager/MobileTemplateManager.java:17:	Avoid unused imports such as 'atg.servlet.DynamoHttpServletRequest'
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/manager/MobileTemplateManager.java:18:	Avoid unused imports such as 'atg.servlet.ServletUtil'
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/manager/MobileTemplateManager.java:18:	Avoid unused imports such as 'atg.servlet.ServletUtil'
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/manager/MobileTemplateManager.java:39:	The class 'MobileTemplateManager' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 14).
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/manager/MobileTemplateManager.java:42:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mStaticTemplateRepository
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/manager/MobileTemplateManager.java:43:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mHomePageTemplateRepository
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/manager/MobileTemplateManager.java:44:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mNavLinksTemplateRepository
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/manager/MobileTemplateManager.java:46:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mCategoryTemplateRepository
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/manager/MobileTemplateManager.java:48:	Avoid excessively long variable names like LANDING_DESCRIPTOR
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/manager/MobileTemplateManager.java:52:	Avoid excessively long variable names like DEFAULT_CHANNEL_VALUE
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/manager/MobileTemplateManager.java:54:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mBbbManagedCatalogRepository
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/manager/MobileTemplateManager.java:67:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pBbbManagedCatalogRepository
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/manager/MobileTemplateManager.java:67:	Parameter 'pBbbManagedCatalogRepository' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/manager/MobileTemplateManager.java:81:	Parameter 'pCatalogTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/manager/MobileTemplateManager.java:90:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mCategoryTemplateRepository
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/manager/MobileTemplateManager.java:90:	Parameter 'mCategoryTemplateRepository' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/manager/MobileTemplateManager.java:105:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mHomePageTemplateRepository
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/manager/MobileTemplateManager.java:105:	Parameter 'mHomePageTemplateRepository' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/manager/MobileTemplateManager.java:120:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mNavLinksTemplateRepository
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/manager/MobileTemplateManager.java:120:	Parameter 'mNavLinksTemplateRepository' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/manager/MobileTemplateManager.java:133:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mStaticTemplateRepository
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/manager/MobileTemplateManager.java:133:	Parameter 'mStaticTemplateRepository' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/manager/MobileTemplateManager.java:149:	Parameter 'templateTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/manager/MobileTemplateManager.java:171:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pTemplateItemDescriptorName
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/manager/MobileTemplateManager.java:171:	Parameter 'pPageName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/manager/MobileTemplateManager.java:171:	Parameter 'pSiteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/manager/MobileTemplateManager.java:171:	Parameter 'pTemplateItemDescriptorName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/manager/MobileTemplateManager.java:171:	The method 'getStaticTemplateData' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/manager/MobileTemplateManager.java:179:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'staticPageDetail' (lines '179'-'201').
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/manager/MobileTemplateManager.java:179:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'staticPageDetail' (lines '179'-'224').
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/manager/MobileTemplateManager.java:180:	Local variable 'view' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/manager/MobileTemplateManager.java:182:	Local variable 'statement' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/manager/MobileTemplateManager.java:184:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'params' (lines '184'-'185').
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/manager/MobileTemplateManager.java:185:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'params' (lines '185'-'186').
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/manager/MobileTemplateManager.java:188:	Avoid excessively long variable names like siteStaticPageItems
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/manager/MobileTemplateManager.java:188:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'siteStaticPageItems' (lines '188'-'191').
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/manager/MobileTemplateManager.java:191:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'siteStaticPageItems' (lines '191'-'197').
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/manager/MobileTemplateManager.java:197:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/manager/MobileTemplateManager.java:200:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/manager/MobileTemplateManager.java:207:	Local variable 'newStatement' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/manager/MobileTemplateManager.java:208:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'newparams' (lines '208'-'209').
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/manager/MobileTemplateManager.java:209:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'newparams' (lines '209'-'210').
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/manager/MobileTemplateManager.java:210:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'newparams' (lines '210'-'211').
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/manager/MobileTemplateManager.java:231:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/manager/MobileTemplateManager.java:231:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'siteStaticPageItems' (lines '231'-'240').
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/manager/MobileTemplateManager.java:249:	The String literal "unchecked" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 249
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/manager/MobileTemplateManager.java:250:	Parameter 'pPageName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/manager/MobileTemplateManager.java:250:	Parameter 'pTemplateType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/manager/MobileTemplateManager.java:252:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'staticContentVO' (lines '252'-'268').
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/manager/MobileTemplateManager.java:252:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'staticContentVO' (lines '252'-'313').
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/manager/MobileTemplateManager.java:259:	The String literal "pSiteId is null or empty throwing BBBBusinessException" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 259
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/manager/MobileTemplateManager.java:267:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pItemDescriptorName
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/manager/MobileTemplateManager.java:267:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pItemDescriptorName' (lines '267'-'271').
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/manager/MobileTemplateManager.java:267:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pItemDescriptorName' (lines '267'-'275').
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/manager/MobileTemplateManager.java:267:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pItemDescriptorName' (lines '267'-'279').
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/manager/MobileTemplateManager.java:268:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'staticContentVO' (lines '268'-'313').
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/manager/MobileTemplateManager.java:282:	Avoid excessively long variable names like staticTemplateData
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/manager/MobileTemplateManager.java:283:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/manager/MobileTemplateManager.java:307:	The String literal " Repository Error in fetching data" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 307
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/manager/MobileTemplateManager.java:308:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/manager/MobileTemplateManager.java:316:	Avoid excessively long variable names like staticTemplateData
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/manager/MobileTemplateManager.java:323:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'pRepItem' (lines '323'-'342').
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/manager/MobileTemplateManager.java:324:	Avoid excessively long variable names like staticTemplateData
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/manager/MobileTemplateManager.java:332:	Local variable 'carousel' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/manager/MobileTemplateManager.java:338:	Local variable 'pageContents' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/manager/MobileTemplateManager.java:340:	Local variable 'pList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/manager/MobileTemplateManager.java:341:	Local variable 'pRepItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/manager/MobileTemplateManager.java:349:	Avoid excessively long variable names like staticTemplateData
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/manager/MobileTemplateManager.java:354:	Local variable 'promoItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/manager/MobileTemplateManager.java:361:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'pRepItem' (lines '361'-'384').
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/manager/MobileTemplateManager.java:362:	Avoid excessively long variable names like staticTemplateData
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/manager/MobileTemplateManager.java:369:	Local variable 'promoItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/manager/MobileTemplateManager.java:375:	Local variable 'banner' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/manager/MobileTemplateManager.java:381:	Local variable 'productItems' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/manager/MobileTemplateManager.java:383:	Local variable 'pRepItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/manager/MobileTemplateManager.java:401:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'view' (lines '401'-'419').
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/manager/MobileTemplateManager.java:401:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'view' (lines '401'-'460').
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/manager/MobileTemplateManager.java:404:	Avoid excessively long variable names like queryExpCategoryId
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/manager/MobileTemplateManager.java:405:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'items' (lines '405'-'431').
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/manager/MobileTemplateManager.java:405:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'items' (lines '405'-'460').
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/manager/MobileTemplateManager.java:407:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'landingTemplateVO' (lines '407'-'460').
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/manager/MobileTemplateManager.java:424:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'queries' (lines '424'-'425').
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/manager/MobileTemplateManager.java:425:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'queries' (lines '425'-'426').
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/manager/MobileTemplateManager.java:433:	Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/manager/MobileTemplateManager.java:436:	Local variable 'bannerItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/manager/MobileTemplateManager.java:440:	Local variable 'carouselItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/manager/MobileTemplateManager.java:445:	Local variable 'categoryItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/manager/MobileTemplateManager.java:456:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/manager/MobileTemplateManager.java:484:	Parameter 'pSiteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/manager/MobileTemplateManager.java:492:	Avoid excessively long variable names like homePagePageDetail
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/manager/MobileTemplateManager.java:492:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'homePagePageDetail' (lines '492'-'513').
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/manager/MobileTemplateManager.java:493:	Local variable 'view' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/manager/MobileTemplateManager.java:495:	Local variable 'statement' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/manager/MobileTemplateManager.java:497:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'params' (lines '497'-'498').
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/manager/MobileTemplateManager.java:500:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'siteHomePageItems' (lines '500'-'503').
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/manager/MobileTemplateManager.java:503:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'siteHomePageItems' (lines '503'-'509').
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/manager/MobileTemplateManager.java:509:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/manager/MobileTemplateManager.java:528:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'pRepItem' (lines '528'-'579').
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/manager/MobileTemplateManager.java:528:	The method 'getHomePageContent' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 14.
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/manager/MobileTemplateManager.java:528:	The method getHomePageContent() has an NPath complexity of 259
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/manager/MobileTemplateManager.java:530:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'homePageContentVO' (lines '530'-'607').
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/manager/MobileTemplateManager.java:542:	Avoid excessively long variable names like homePageTemplateData
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/manager/MobileTemplateManager.java:543:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/manager/MobileTemplateManager.java:550:	Local variable 'carousel' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/manager/MobileTemplateManager.java:556:	Local variable 'banner' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/manager/MobileTemplateManager.java:562:	Local variable 'productCarousel' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/manager/MobileTemplateManager.java:568:	Local variable 'categoryContainer' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/manager/MobileTemplateManager.java:574:	Avoid excessively long variable names like homePromoTierLayOut1
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/manager/MobileTemplateManager.java:574:	Local variable 'homePromoTierLayOut1' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/manager/MobileTemplateManager.java:577:	Local variable 'pList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/manager/MobileTemplateManager.java:578:	Local variable 'pRepItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/manager/MobileTemplateManager.java:585:	Avoid excessively long variable names like homePromoTierLayOut2
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/manager/MobileTemplateManager.java:585:	Local variable 'homePromoTierLayOut2' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/manager/MobileTemplateManager.java:588:	Local variable 'pList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/manager/MobileTemplateManager.java:589:	Local variable 'pRepItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/manager/MobileTemplateManager.java:602:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/manager/MobileTemplateManager.java:611:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'pRepItem' (lines '611'-'638').
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/manager/MobileTemplateManager.java:614:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'navLinksVO' (lines '614'-'658').
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/manager/MobileTemplateManager.java:624:	Local variable 'channelId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/manager/MobileTemplateManager.java:627:	Avoid excessively long variable names like navigationLinksData
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/manager/MobileTemplateManager.java:628:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/manager/MobileTemplateManager.java:633:	Local variable 'bannerList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/manager/MobileTemplateManager.java:636:	Local variable 'pList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/manager/MobileTemplateManager.java:637:	Local variable 'pRepItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/manager/MobileTemplateManager.java:638:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/manager/MobileTemplateManager.java:652:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/manager/MobileTemplateManager.java:660:	Parameter 'pChannelId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/manager/MobileTemplateManager.java:660:	Parameter 'pSiteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/manager/MobileTemplateManager.java:666:	Avoid excessively long variable names like navigationLinksDetail
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/manager/MobileTemplateManager.java:666:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'navigationLinksDetail' (lines '666'-'689').
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/manager/MobileTemplateManager.java:667:	Local variable 'view' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/manager/MobileTemplateManager.java:669:	Local variable 'statement' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/manager/MobileTemplateManager.java:671:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'params' (lines '671'-'672').
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/manager/MobileTemplateManager.java:672:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'params' (lines '672'-'673').
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/manager/MobileTemplateManager.java:675:	Avoid excessively long variable names like siteNavigationLinks
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/manager/MobileTemplateManager.java:675:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'siteNavigationLinks' (lines '675'-'678').
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/manager/MobileTemplateManager.java:678:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'siteNavigationLinks' (lines '678'-'684').
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/manager/MobileTemplateManager.java:684:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/tools/RestTemplateTools.java:24:	The class 'RestTemplateTools' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 10).
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/tools/RestTemplateTools.java:32:	Parameter 'catalogTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/tools/RestTemplateTools.java:43:	Parameter 'pPromoItem' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/tools/RestTemplateTools.java:44:	Local variable 'pVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/tools/RestTemplateTools.java:66:	The String literal "unchecked" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 66
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/tools/RestTemplateTools.java:67:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'pRepItem' (lines '67'-'82').
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/tools/RestTemplateTools.java:67:	Parameter 'pSiteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/tools/RestTemplateTools.java:67:	Parameter 'productCarousel' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/tools/RestTemplateTools.java:68:	Local variable 'productCarouselVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/tools/RestTemplateTools.java:77:	Local variable 'productItems' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/tools/RestTemplateTools.java:79:	Local variable 'pList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/tools/RestTemplateTools.java:80:	Local variable 'pRepItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/tools/RestTemplateTools.java:100:	Parameter 'banner' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/tools/RestTemplateTools.java:101:	Local variable 'bVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/tools/RestTemplateTools.java:121:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'pRepItem' (lines '121'-'135').
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/tools/RestTemplateTools.java:121:	Parameter 'pItem' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/tools/RestTemplateTools.java:122:	Local variable 'pVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/tools/RestTemplateTools.java:130:	Local variable 'promoItems' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/tools/RestTemplateTools.java:133:	Local variable 'pList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/tools/RestTemplateTools.java:134:	Local variable 'pRepItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/tools/RestTemplateTools.java:149:	Parameter 'pItem' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/tools/RestTemplateTools.java:150:	Local variable 'cVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/tools/RestTemplateTools.java:158:	Local variable 'promoItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/tools/RestTemplateTools.java:173:	Avoid excessively long variable names like homePromoTierLayOut
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/tools/RestTemplateTools.java:173:	Parameter 'homePromoTierLayOut' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/tools/RestTemplateTools.java:174:	Local variable 'promoVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/tools/RestTemplateTools.java:180:	Local variable 'imageBox1' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/tools/RestTemplateTools.java:186:	Local variable 'imageBox2' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/tools/RestTemplateTools.java:204:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'pRepItem' (lines '204'-'219').
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/tools/RestTemplateTools.java:204:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'subCat' (lines '204'-'235').
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/tools/RestTemplateTools.java:204:	Parameter 'categoryContainer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/tools/RestTemplateTools.java:204:	Parameter 'pSiteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/tools/RestTemplateTools.java:204:	The method 'getCategoryContainerVO' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/tools/RestTemplateTools.java:205:	Avoid excessively long variable names like categoryContainerVO
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/tools/RestTemplateTools.java:205:	Local variable 'categoryContainerVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/tools/RestTemplateTools.java:213:	Local variable 'categoryItems' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/tools/RestTemplateTools.java:215:	Local variable 'cList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/tools/RestTemplateTools.java:216:	Local variable 'pRepItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/tools/RestTemplateTools.java:217:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'categoryVO' (lines '217'-'219').
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/tools/RestTemplateTools.java:231:	Local variable 'subCategories' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/tools/RestTemplateTools.java:232:	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/tools/RestTemplateTools.java:234:	Local variable 'subCat' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/tools/RestTemplateTools.java:258:	Parameter 'banner' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/cms/tools/RestTemplateTools.java:259:	Local variable 'linkVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/commerce/promotion/BBBClosenessQualifierDropletResultVO.java:20:	Parameter 'promoText' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/commerce/promotion/BBBClosenessQualifierDropletResultVO.java:26:	Parameter 'type' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/commerce/promotion/BBBClosenessQualifierDropletResultVO.java:32:	Parameter 'url' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/commerce/promotion/BBBClosenessQualifierDropletResultVO.java:38:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/commerce/promotion/BBBClosenessQualifierService.java:10:	Avoid unused imports such as 'atg.commerce.pricing.Qualifier'
src/com/bbb/rest/commerce/promotion/BBBClosenessQualifierService.java:10:	Avoid unused imports such as 'atg.commerce.pricing.Qualifier'
src/com/bbb/rest/commerce/promotion/BBBClosenessQualifierService.java:22:	The class 'BBBClosenessQualifierService' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 10).
src/com/bbb/rest/commerce/promotion/BBBClosenessQualifierService.java:23:	Avoid excessively long variable names like closenessQualifierDroplet
src/com/bbb/rest/commerce/promotion/BBBClosenessQualifierService.java:36:	Avoid excessively long variable names like closenessQualifierDroplet
src/com/bbb/rest/commerce/promotion/BBBClosenessQualifierService.java:36:	Parameter 'closenessQualifierDroplet' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/commerce/promotion/BBBClosenessQualifierService.java:48:	Parameter 'order' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/commerce/promotion/BBBClosenessQualifierService.java:62:	Parameter 'qualifierType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/commerce/promotion/BBBClosenessQualifierService.java:62:	The method 'getClosenessQualifiers' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/com/bbb/rest/commerce/promotion/BBBClosenessQualifierService.java:63:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'pRequest' (lines '63'-'99').
src/com/bbb/rest/commerce/promotion/BBBClosenessQualifierService.java:63:	Local variable 'pRequest' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/commerce/promotion/BBBClosenessQualifierService.java:64:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'pResponse' (lines '64'-'99').
src/com/bbb/rest/commerce/promotion/BBBClosenessQualifierService.java:64:	Local variable 'pResponse' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/commerce/promotion/BBBClosenessQualifierService.java:73:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/com/bbb/rest/commerce/promotion/BBBClosenessQualifierService.java:75:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/com/bbb/rest/commerce/promotion/BBBClosenessQualifierService.java:80:	Avoid excessively long variable names like closenessQualifier
src/com/bbb/rest/commerce/promotion/BBBClosenessQualifierService.java:81:	Avoid excessively long variable names like closenessQualifierResultVo
src/com/bbb/rest/commerce/promotion/BBBClosenessQualifierService.java:81:	Local variable 'closenessQualifierResultVo' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/commerce/promotion/BBBClosenessQualifierService.java:84:	Local variable 'qualifier' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/commerce/promotion/BBBClosenessQualifierService.java:85:	Local variable 'name' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/commerce/promotion/BBBClosenessQualifierService.java:87:	Local variable 'upsellMedia' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/commerce/promotion/BBBClosenessQualifierService.java:89:	Local variable 'url' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/commerce/promotion/BBBClosenessQualifierService.java:91:	Local variable 'type' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/commerce/promotion/BBBClosenessQualifierService.java:93:	Local variable 'desc' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/generic/BBBSessionManagerFacade.java:1:	A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
src/com/bbb/rest/generic/BBBSessionManagerFacade.java:54:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ADDRESS_ERROR_1023
src/com/bbb/rest/generic/BBBSessionManagerFacade.java:56:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ATG_COMMERCE_SHOPPING_CART
src/com/bbb/rest/generic/BBBSessionManagerFacade.java:57:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERROR_CHECKING_THE_ELIGIBILITY_EXPRESS_CHECKOUT
src/com/bbb/rest/generic/BBBSessionManagerFacade.java:66:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REGISTRIES_ADDRESSES
src/com/bbb/rest/generic/BBBSessionManagerFacade.java:67:	Avoid excessively long variable names like DEFAULT_PROFILE_ADDRESSES
src/com/bbb/rest/generic/BBBSessionManagerFacade.java:70:	Avoid excessively long variable names like creditCardsForPayment
src/com/bbb/rest/generic/BBBSessionManagerFacade.java:71:	Avoid excessively long variable names like orderDetailsManager
src/com/bbb/rest/generic/BBBSessionManagerFacade.java:77:	Avoid excessively long variable names like addressDisplayDroplet
src/com/bbb/rest/generic/BBBSessionManagerFacade.java:78:	Avoid excessively long variable names like purchaseProcessHelper
src/com/bbb/rest/generic/BBBSessionManagerFacade.java:79:	Avoid excessively long variable names like storeInventoryContainer
src/com/bbb/rest/generic/BBBSessionManagerFacade.java:80:	Avoid excessively long variable names like paymentGroupManager
src/com/bbb/rest/generic/BBBSessionManagerFacade.java:99:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mPaymentGroupManager
src/com/bbb/rest/generic/BBBSessionManagerFacade.java:109:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mStoreInventoryContainer
src/com/bbb/rest/generic/BBBSessionManagerFacade.java:119:	Avoid excessively long variable names like purchaseProcessHelper
src/com/bbb/rest/generic/BBBSessionManagerFacade.java:149:	Avoid excessively long variable names like orderDetailsManager
src/com/bbb/rest/generic/BBBSessionManagerFacade.java:190:	Avoid excessively long variable names like isExpressCheckoutAllowed
src/com/bbb/rest/generic/BBBSessionManagerFacade.java:190:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isExpressCheckoutAllowed' (lines '190'-'193').
src/com/bbb/rest/generic/BBBSessionManagerFacade.java:193:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'isExpressCheckoutAllowed' (lines '193'-'212').
src/com/bbb/rest/generic/BBBSessionManagerFacade.java:198:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/com/bbb/rest/generic/BBBSessionManagerFacade.java:207:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/com/bbb/rest/generic/BBBSessionManagerFacade.java:219:	Avoid excessively long variable names like eligibleShippingType
src/com/bbb/rest/generic/BBBSessionManagerFacade.java:219:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'eligibleShippingType' (lines '219'-'228').
src/com/bbb/rest/generic/BBBSessionManagerFacade.java:219:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'eligibleShippingType' (lines '219'-'230').
src/com/bbb/rest/generic/BBBSessionManagerFacade.java:219:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'eligibleShippingType' (lines '219'-'232').
src/com/bbb/rest/generic/BBBSessionManagerFacade.java:219:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'eligibleShippingType' (lines '219'-'235').
src/com/bbb/rest/generic/BBBSessionManagerFacade.java:245:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bbbOrderVO' (lines '245'-'254').
src/com/bbb/rest/generic/BBBSessionManagerFacade.java:267:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bbbOrderVO' (lines '267'-'274').
src/com/bbb/rest/generic/BBBSessionManagerFacade.java:267:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'bbbOrderVO' (lines '267'-'290').
src/com/bbb/rest/generic/BBBSessionManagerFacade.java:273:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/rest/generic/BBBSessionManagerFacade.java:302:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/com/bbb/rest/generic/BBBSessionManagerFacade.java:319:	Avoid excessively long variable names like isPackAndHoldEligible
src/com/bbb/rest/generic/BBBSessionManagerFacade.java:341:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'addressMap' (lines '341'-'387').
src/com/bbb/rest/generic/BBBSessionManagerFacade.java:361:	Avoid excessively long variable names like defaultShippingAddress
src/com/bbb/rest/generic/BBBSessionManagerFacade.java:362:	Avoid excessively long variable names like defaultBillingAddress
src/com/bbb/rest/generic/BBBSessionManagerFacade.java:399:	Avoid excessively long variable names like addressDisplayDroplet
src/com/bbb/rest/generic/BBBSessionManagerFacade.java:410:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0) with calls to isEmpty()
src/com/bbb/rest/generic/BBBSessionManagerFacade.java:411:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'count' (lines '411'-'415').
src/com/bbb/rest/generic/BBBSessionManagerFacade.java:411:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'count' (lines '411'-'426').
src/com/bbb/rest/generic/BBBSessionManagerFacade.java:419:	Do not add empty strings
src/com/bbb/rest/generic/BBBSessionManagerFacade.java:450:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/com/bbb/rest/generic/BBBSessionManagerFacade.java:457:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'inventoryStatus' (lines '457'-'459').
src/com/bbb/rest/generic/BBBSessionManagerFacade.java:459:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'inventoryStatus' (lines '459'-'467').
src/com/bbb/rest/generic/BBBSessionManagerFacade.java:463:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/com/bbb/rest/generic/BBBSessionManagerFacade.java:478:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'success' (lines '478'-'480').
src/com/bbb/rest/generic/BBBSessionManagerFacade.java:480:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'success' (lines '480'-'489').
src/com/bbb/rest/generic/BBBSessionManagerFacade.java:485:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/com/bbb/rest/generic/BBBSessionManagerFacade.java:500:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'currentOrder' (lines '500'-'500').
src/com/bbb/rest/generic/BBBSessionManagerFacade.java:502:	Avoid excessively long variable names like isCreditCardLimiReached
src/com/bbb/rest/generic/BBBSessionManagerFacade.java:502:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isCreditCardLimiReached' (lines '502'-'515').
src/com/bbb/rest/generic/BBBSessionManagerFacade.java:505:	Avoid variables with short names like td
src/com/bbb/rest/generic/BBBSessionManagerFacade.java:505:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'td' (lines '505'-'546').
src/com/bbb/rest/generic/BBBSessionManagerFacade.java:506:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'rollback' (lines '506'-'516').
src/com/bbb/rest/generic/BBBSessionManagerFacade.java:506:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'rollback' (lines '506'-'546').
src/com/bbb/rest/generic/BBBSessionManagerFacade.java:510:	Avoid variables with short names like tm
src/com/bbb/rest/generic/BBBSessionManagerFacade.java:516:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'rollback' (lines '516'-'546').
src/com/bbb/rest/generic/BBBSessionManagerFacade.java:527:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/com/bbb/rest/generic/BBBSessionManagerFacade.java:532:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/com/bbb/rest/generic/BBBSessionManagerFacade.java:534:	A throw statement in a finally block makes the control flow hard to understand.
src/com/bbb/rest/generic/BBBSessionManagerFacade.java:540:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/com/bbb/rest/generic/BBBSessionManagerFacade.java:553:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'seoTags' (lines '553'-'591').
src/com/bbb/rest/generic/BBBSessionManagerFacade.java:554:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'request' (lines '554'-'591').
src/com/bbb/rest/generic/BBBSessionManagerFacade.java:555:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'response' (lines '555'-'591').
src/com/bbb/rest/generic/BBBSessionManagerFacade.java:578:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/com/bbb/rest/generic/BBBSessionManagerFacade.java:583:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/BridalToolkitRegistriesAPI.java:9:	Avoid unused imports such as 'atg.multisite.SiteContext'
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/BridalToolkitRegistriesAPI.java:9:	Avoid unused imports such as 'atg.multisite.SiteContext'
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/BridalToolkitRegistriesAPI.java:25:	Avoid excessively long variable names like bridalToolkitLinkDroplet
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/BridalToolkitRegistriesAPI.java:32:	Avoid excessively long variable names like bridalToolkitLinkDroplet
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/BridalToolkitRegistriesAPI.java:32:	Parameter 'bridalToolkitLinkDroplet' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/BridalToolkitRegistriesAPI.java:42:	Local variable 'siteId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/BridalToolkitRegistriesAPI.java:43:	Avoid excessively long variable names like bridalRegistryVOList
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/BridalToolkitRegistriesAPI.java:43:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bridalRegistryVOList' (lines '43'-'55').
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/BridalToolkitRegistriesAPI.java:47:	Local variable 'pRequest' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/BridalToolkitRegistriesAPI.java:48:	Local variable 'pResponse' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/BridalToolkitRegistriesAPI.java:55:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'bridalRegistryVOList' (lines '55'-'68').
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/BridalToolkitRegistriesAPI.java:59:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/BridalToolkitRegistriesAPI.java:62:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:1:	A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:57:	The class 'RestAPIManager' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 59).
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:57:	Too many fields
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:65:	Avoid excessively long variable names like giftRegistryFlyoutDroplet
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:69:	Avoid excessively long variable names like registryItemDroplet
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:70:	Avoid excessively long variable names like registryInfoDroplet
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:73:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'ERR_NO_REG_INFO' is not final.
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:73:	Private field 'ERR_NO_REG_INFO' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:73:	The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:73:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'ERR_NO_REG_INFO' starts with uppercase character.
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:74:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_INVALID_REG_INFO_REQ
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:74:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'ERR_INVALID_REG_INFO_REQ' is not final.
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:74:	Private field 'ERR_INVALID_REG_INFO_REQ' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:74:	The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:74:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'ERR_INVALID_REG_INFO_REQ' starts with uppercase character.
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:75:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_REGINFO_FATAL_ERROR
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:75:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'ERR_REGINFO_FATAL_ERROR' is not final.
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:75:	Private field 'ERR_REGINFO_FATAL_ERROR' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:75:	The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:75:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'ERR_REGINFO_FATAL_ERROR' starts with uppercase character.
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:76:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_REGINFO_SITEFLAG_USERTOKEN_ERROR
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:76:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'ERR_REGINFO_SITEFLAG_USERTOKEN_ERROR' is not final.
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:76:	Private field 'ERR_REGINFO_SITEFLAG_USERTOKEN_ERROR' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:76:	The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:76:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'ERR_REGINFO_SITEFLAG_USERTOKEN_ERROR' starts with uppercase character.
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:77:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERR_REGINFO_INVALID_INPUT_FORMAT
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:77:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'ERR_REGINFO_INVALID_INPUT_FORMAT' is not final.
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:77:	Private field 'ERR_REGINFO_INVALID_INPUT_FORMAT' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:77:	The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:77:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'ERR_REGINFO_INVALID_INPUT_FORMAT' starts with uppercase character.
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:85:	Avoid excessively long variable names like addItemToGiftRegistryDroplet
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:93:	Avoid excessively long variable names like addItemToGiftRegistryDroplet
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:93:	Parameter 'addItemToGiftRegistryDroplet' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:107:	Parameter 'catalogTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:119:	Avoid excessively long variable names like dateCalculationDroplet
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:126:	Avoid excessively long variable names like registryItemDroplet
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:126:	Parameter 'registryItemDroplet' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:135:	Avoid excessively long variable names like registryInfoDroplet
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:135:	Parameter 'registryInfoDroplet' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:143:	Parameter 'profile' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:151:	Avoid excessively long variable names like dateCalculationDroplet
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:151:	Parameter 'dateCalculationDroplet' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:161:	The String literal "rawtypes" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 161
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:161:	The String literal "unchecked" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 161
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:162:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'registrySummaryVO' (lines '162'-'189').
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:166:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pRegistryVO' (lines '166'-'182').
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:166:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'pRegistryVO' (lines '166'-'216').
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:167:	Local variable 'pRequest' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:168:	Local variable 'response' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:169:	Local variable 'user' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:173:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'errorMsg' (lines '173'-'176').
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:177:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:187:	Local variable 'registrySummaryVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:192:	Local variable 'eventYetToCome' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:205:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:208:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:223:	Parameter 'myRegistryDroplet' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:232:	Local variable 'pRequest' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:233:	Local variable 'pResponse' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:238:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:241:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:244:	Avoid excessively long variable names like registrySkinnyVOList
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:264:	Local variable 'pRequest' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:265:	Local variable 'user' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:272:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'itemVO' (lines '272'-'278').
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:272:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'key' (lines '272'-'274').
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:272:	Parameter 'categoryBuckets' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:273:	Local variable 'key' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:275:	Local variable 'list' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:277:	Local variable 'itemVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:279:	Local variable 'skuId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:281:	Local variable 'productId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:283:	Local variable 'salePrice' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:288:	Local variable 'listPrice' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:306:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'item' (lines '306'-'319').
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:306:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'key' (lines '306'-'312').
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:306:	Parameter 'categoryBuckets' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:308:	Local variable 'list' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:309:	Local variable 'key' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:311:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:311:	Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:311:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'vo' (lines '311'-'311').
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:311:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'vo' (lines '311'-'337').
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:311:	Local variable 'vo' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:316:	Local variable 'itemList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:317:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0) with calls to isEmpty()
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:318:	Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:320:	Local variable 'skuId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:322:	Local variable 'productId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:339:	Avoid excessively long variable names like categoryForRegistry
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:339:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'key' (lines '339'-'345').
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:339:	Parameter 'categoryForRegistry' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:341:	Local variable 'list' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:342:	Local variable 'key' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:344:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:344:	Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:344:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'vo' (lines '344'-'344').
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:344:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'vo' (lines '344'-'353').
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:344:	Local variable 'vo' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:366:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:366:	Parameter 'inputParam' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:366:	The method 'getRegistryDetailAPI' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 59.
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:366:	The method getRegistryDetailAPI() has an NCSS line count of 168
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:366:	The method getRegistryDetailAPI() has an NPath complexity of 862640280
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:372:	Local variable 'registryId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:373:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'displayView' (lines '373'-'376').
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:378:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'sortSeq' (lines '378'-'381').
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:381:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'sortSeq' (lines '381'-'685').
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:383:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'view' (lines '383'-'685').
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:383:	Local variable 'view' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:384:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'startIdx' (lines '384'-'387').
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:387:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'startIdx' (lines '387'-'685').
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:389:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bulkSize' (lines '389'-'392').
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:392:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'bulkSize' (lines '392'-'685').
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:394:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isGiftGiver' (lines '394'-'397').
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:397:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'isGiftGiver' (lines '397'-'685').
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:399:	Avoid excessively long variable names like isAvailForWebPurchaseFlag
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:399:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isAvailForWebPurchaseFlag' (lines '399'-'402').
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:402:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'isAvailForWebPurchaseFlag' (lines '402'-'685').
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:405:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'registrySummaryVO' (lines '405'-'454').
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:407:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'registryVO' (lines '407'-'469').
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:409:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'infoDetailVO' (lines '409'-'685').
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:409:	Local variable 'infoDetailVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:410:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'registryResVO' (lines '410'-'685').
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:410:	Local variable 'registryResVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:411:	Avoid excessively long variable names like registryIdRepItems
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:413:	Local variable 'pRequest' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:414:	Local variable 'pResponse' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:419:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'errorMsg' (lines '419'-'487').
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:421:	Local variable 'sessionBean' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:425:	Local variable 'pSiteId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:430:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pListUserRegIds' (lines '430'-'439').
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:431:	Local variable 'user' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:469:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'registryVO' (lines '469'-'685').
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:474:	Local variable 'eventYetToCome' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:489:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:525:	Local variable 'eventTypeCode' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:545:	Avoid excessively long variable names like categoryForRegistrylist
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:546:	Local variable 'priceRangeList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:547:	Local variable 'skuList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:548:	Local variable 'sortSequence' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:549:	Local variable 'isListEmpty' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:551:	Local variable 'categoryBuckets' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:558:	Avoid excessively long variable names like categoryForRegistry
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:558:	Local variable 'categoryForRegistry' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:563:	Avoid excessively long variable names like inStockCategoryBuckets
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:570:	Avoid excessively long variable names like notInStockCategoryBuckets
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:577:	Local variable 'promoBox' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:578:	Local variable 'countStr' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:579:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'count' (lines '579'-'581').
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:583:	Avoid excessively long variable names like emptyOutOfStockListFlag
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:583:	Local variable 'emptyOutOfStockListFlag' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:584:	Avoid excessively long variable names like outOfStockListFlag
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:584:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'outOfStockListFlag' (lines '584'-'587').
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:639:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:642:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:652:	Local variable 'user' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:654:	Avoid excessively long variable names like isRegistryOwnedByProfile
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:698:	The method 'getRegistryDashboard' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:701:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'registrySummaryVO' (lines '701'-'714').
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:702:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'registryResVO' (lines '702'-'758').
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:702:	Local variable 'registryResVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:704:	Local variable 'pRequest' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:705:	Local variable 'pResponse' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:706:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'errorMsg' (lines '706'-'717').
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:714:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'registrySummaryVO' (lines '714'-'758').
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:747:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:750:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:778:	Parameter 'pSiteContext' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:802:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'entry' (lines '802'-'816').
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:802:	Parameter 'categoryBuckets' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:804:	Local variable 'lisItemMap' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:805:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'registryItemVOs' (lines '805'-'817').
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:805:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'registryItemVOs' (lines '805'-'836').
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:812:	Local variable 'entry' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:813:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:813:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'innerListMap' (lines '813'-'813').
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:813:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'innerListMap' (lines '813'-'836').
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:813:	Local variable 'innerListMap' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:814:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'count' (lines '814'-'814').
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:814:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'count' (lines '814'-'821').
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:814:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'count' (lines '814'-'836').
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:816:	Local variable 'key' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:818:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:819:	Local variable 'iterator' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:822:	Local variable 'itemVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:823:	Do not add empty strings
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:866:	Avoid excessively long variable names like giftRegistryFlyoutDroplet
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/RestAPIManager.java:866:	Parameter 'giftRegistryFlyoutDroplet' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/SearchRegistryByCriteriaAPI.java:32:	The class 'SearchRegistryByCriteriaAPI' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 2 (Highest = 11).
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/SearchRegistryByCriteriaAPI.java:39:	This final field could be made static
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/SearchRegistryByCriteriaAPI.java:41:	This final field could be made static
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/SearchRegistryByCriteriaAPI.java:43:	This final field could be made static
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/SearchRegistryByCriteriaAPI.java:45:	This final field could be made static
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/SearchRegistryByCriteriaAPI.java:47:	Avoid excessively long variable names like Gift_REG_SESSION_BEAN
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/SearchRegistryByCriteriaAPI.java:47:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'Gift_REG_SESSION_BEAN' is not all capitals.
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/SearchRegistryByCriteriaAPI.java:50:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mRegistrySearchServiceName
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/SearchRegistryByCriteriaAPI.java:53:	Avoid excessively long variable names like giftRegistryPaginationDroplet
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/SearchRegistryByCriteriaAPI.java:68:	Parameter 'inputMap' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/SearchRegistryByCriteriaAPI.java:68:	The method 'searchRegistryByCriteria' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/SearchRegistryByCriteriaAPI.java:70:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pRegistryVO' (lines '70'-'117').
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/SearchRegistryByCriteriaAPI.java:70:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'pRegistryVO' (lines '70'-'139').
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/SearchRegistryByCriteriaAPI.java:74:	Local variable 'pRequest' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/SearchRegistryByCriteriaAPI.java:75:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'response' (lines '75'-'139').
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/SearchRegistryByCriteriaAPI.java:75:	Local variable 'response' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/SearchRegistryByCriteriaAPI.java:77:	Local variable 'inputDataMap' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/SearchRegistryByCriteriaAPI.java:85:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'registrySearchVO' (lines '85'-'139').
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/SearchRegistryByCriteriaAPI.java:85:	Local variable 'registrySearchVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/SearchRegistryByCriteriaAPI.java:88:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/SearchRegistryByCriteriaAPI.java:91:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/SearchRegistryByCriteriaAPI.java:93:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/SearchRegistryByCriteriaAPI.java:110:	Avoid excessively long variable names like giftRegSessionBean
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/SearchRegistryByCriteriaAPI.java:110:	Local variable 'giftRegSessionBean' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/SearchRegistryByCriteriaAPI.java:114:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'errorMsg' (lines '114'-'119').
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/SearchRegistryByCriteriaAPI.java:117:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'pRegistryVO' (lines '117'-'139').
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/SearchRegistryByCriteriaAPI.java:129:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/SearchRegistryByCriteriaAPI.java:132:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/SearchRegistryByCriteriaAPI.java:152:	Avoid excessively long variable names like giftRegistryPaginationDroplet
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/SearchRegistryByCriteriaAPI.java:152:	Parameter 'giftRegistryPaginationDroplet' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/SearchRegistryByCriteriaAPI.java:166:	Parameter 'catalogTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/SearchRegistryByCriteriaAPI.java:180:	Avoid excessively long variable names like registrySearchServiceName
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/SearchRegistryByCriteriaAPI.java:180:	Parameter 'registrySearchServiceName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/giftregistry/SearchRegistryByCriteriaAPI.java:188:	Parameter 'siteContext' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/output/BBBRestDozerBeanProvider.java:25:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mDozerMappingFiles
src/com/bbb/rest/output/BBBRestDozerBeanProvider.java:28:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pDozerMappingFiles
src/com/bbb/rest/output/BBBRestDozerBeanProvider.java:47:	Local variable 'mappingFiles' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/output/BBBRestDozerBeanProvider.java:56:	Parameter 'dozerMapper' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/output/BBBRestDozerBeanProvider.java:70:	Avoid excessively long variable names like destinationObjectType
src/com/bbb/rest/output/BBBRestDozerBeanProvider.java:70:	Parameter 'destinationObjectType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/output/BBBRestDozerBeanProvider.java:70:	Parameter 'fromObject' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/output/BBBRestDozerBeanProvider.java:72:	Local variable 'name' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/output/BBBRestDozerBeanProvider.java:73:	Local variable 'outputObject' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/output/BBBRestDozerBeanProvider.java:74:	Local variable 'mapper' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/search/RestSearchManager.java:1:	A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
src/com/bbb/rest/search/RestSearchManager.java:42:	The class 'RestSearchManager' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 34).
src/com/bbb/rest/search/RestSearchManager.java:67:	Parameter 'mStoreContextPath' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/search/RestSearchManager.java:80:	Parameter 'searchDimConfig' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/search/RestSearchManager.java:94:	Parameter 'headerFacetsDim' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/search/RestSearchManager.java:106:	Parameter 'mCatalogTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/search/RestSearchManager.java:127:	Parameter 'pTypeAheadFacets' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/search/RestSearchManager.java:151:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'headerFacet' (lines '151'-'153').
src/com/bbb/rest/search/RestSearchManager.java:153:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'headerFacet' (lines '153'-'164').
src/com/bbb/rest/search/RestSearchManager.java:173:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/rest/search/RestSearchManager.java:173:	Parameter 'queryParams' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/search/RestSearchManager.java:173:	The method 'performSearch' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 34.
src/com/bbb/rest/search/RestSearchManager.java:173:	The method performSearch() has an NPath complexity of 228186
src/com/bbb/rest/search/RestSearchManager.java:175:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'searchResult' (lines '175'-'298').
src/com/bbb/rest/search/RestSearchManager.java:176:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pFacets' (lines '176'-'191').
src/com/bbb/rest/search/RestSearchManager.java:176:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pFacets' (lines '176'-'200').
src/com/bbb/rest/search/RestSearchManager.java:177:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/rest/search/RestSearchManager.java:182:	Local variable 'pRequest' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/search/RestSearchManager.java:192:	The String literal "catalogId" appears 9 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 192
src/com/bbb/rest/search/RestSearchManager.java:193:	The String literal "catalogRefId" appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 193
src/com/bbb/rest/search/RestSearchManager.java:222:	The String literal "true" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 222
src/com/bbb/rest/search/RestSearchManager.java:242:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/rest/search/RestSearchManager.java:250:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/rest/search/RestSearchManager.java:266:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/rest/search/RestSearchManager.java:266:	The String literal "pagSortOpt" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 266
src/com/bbb/rest/search/RestSearchManager.java:299:	Local variable 'redirectUrl' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/search/RestSearchManager.java:302:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/com/bbb/rest/search/RestSearchManager.java:302:	This call to String.startsWith can be rewritten using String.charAt(0)
src/com/bbb/rest/search/RestSearchManager.java:303:	Local variable 'channel' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/search/RestSearchManager.java:306:	Local variable 'configValue' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/search/RestSearchManager.java:307:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0) with calls to isEmpty()
src/com/bbb/rest/search/RestSearchManager.java:308:	Local variable 'newRedirectUrl' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/search/RestSearchManager.java:339:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'facetQueryResult' (lines '339'-'369').
src/com/bbb/rest/search/RestSearchManager.java:339:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'facetQueryResult' (lines '339'-'379').
src/com/bbb/rest/search/RestSearchManager.java:341:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'pFacetQuery' (lines '341'-'379').
src/com/bbb/rest/search/RestSearchManager.java:366:	Local variable 'pFacets' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/search/RestSearchManager.java:369:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'facetQueryResult' (lines '369'-'379').
src/com/bbb/rest/search/RestSearchManager.java:376:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/com/bbb/rest/search/RestSearchManager.java:390:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'key' (lines '390'-'423').
src/com/bbb/rest/search/RestSearchManager.java:398:	Local variable 'pCatalogRef' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/search/RestSearchManager.java:400:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'root' (lines '400'-'402').
src/com/bbb/rest/search/RestSearchManager.java:418:	Local variable 'map' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/search/RestSearchManager.java:419:	Local variable 'list' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/search/RestSearchManager.java:421:	Local variable 'key' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/search/RestSearchManager.java:424:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/rest/search/RestSearchManager.java:424:	Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/com/bbb/rest/search/RestSearchManager.java:424:	Local variable 'vo' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/search/RestSearchManager.java:433:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/com/bbb/rest/search/RestSearchManager.java:446:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'sVo' (lines '446'-'456').
src/com/bbb/rest/search/RestSearchManager.java:446:	Parameter 'pStateCode' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/search/RestSearchManager.java:449:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pStateId' (lines '449'-'452').
src/com/bbb/rest/search/RestSearchManager.java:449:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pStateId' (lines '449'-'458').
src/com/bbb/rest/search/RestSearchManager.java:455:	Local variable 'sVo' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/search/RestSearchManager.java:457:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/com/bbb/rest/search/RestSearchManager.java:458:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pStateId' (lines '458'-'458').
src/com/bbb/rest/search/RestSearchManager.java:469:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/com/bbb/rest/selfservice/SearchInStoreVO.java:14:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mStoreAddressSuggestion
src/com/bbb/rest/selfservice/SearchInStoreVO.java:25:	Parameter 'pStoreDetail' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/selfservice/SearchInStoreVO.java:37:	Parameter 'pProductStatusMap' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/selfservice/SearchInStoreVO.java:49:	Parameter 'pObjStoreDetails' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/selfservice/SearchInStoreVO.java:56:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mStoreAddressSuggestion
src/com/bbb/rest/selfservice/SearchInStoreVO.java:56:	Parameter 'mStoreAddressSuggestion' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/selfservice/SearchStoreService.java:1:	A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
src/com/bbb/rest/selfservice/SearchStoreService.java:34:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.commerce.catalog.BBBCatalogConstants'
src/com/bbb/rest/selfservice/SearchStoreService.java:34:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.commerce.catalog.BBBCatalogConstants'
src/com/bbb/rest/selfservice/SearchStoreService.java:56:	The class 'SearchStoreService' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 23).
src/com/bbb/rest/selfservice/SearchStoreService.java:58:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mSearchStoreManager
src/com/bbb/rest/selfservice/SearchStoreService.java:67:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mStoreInventoryContainer
src/com/bbb/rest/selfservice/SearchStoreService.java:81:	Parameter 'storeRepository' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/selfservice/SearchStoreService.java:95:	Parameter 'pStoreTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/selfservice/SearchStoreService.java:112:	Parameter 'pRadius' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/selfservice/SearchStoreService.java:127:	Parameter 'pCatalogTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/selfservice/SearchStoreService.java:142:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pStoreInventoryContainer
src/com/bbb/rest/selfservice/SearchStoreService.java:142:	Parameter 'pStoreInventoryContainer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/selfservice/SearchStoreService.java:157:	Parameter 'pInventoryManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/selfservice/SearchStoreService.java:173:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pSearchStoreManager
src/com/bbb/rest/selfservice/SearchStoreService.java:173:	Parameter 'pSearchStoreManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/selfservice/SearchStoreService.java:189:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/rest/selfservice/SearchStoreService.java:189:	Parameter 'inputParam' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/selfservice/SearchStoreService.java:189:	The method 'searchStores' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 23.
src/com/bbb/rest/selfservice/SearchStoreService.java:189:	The method searchStores() has an NPath complexity of 25344
src/com/bbb/rest/selfservice/SearchStoreService.java:193:	Avoid excessively long variable names like objStoreDetailsWrapper
src/com/bbb/rest/selfservice/SearchStoreService.java:193:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'objStoreDetailsWrapper' (lines '193'-'319').
src/com/bbb/rest/selfservice/SearchStoreService.java:194:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'storeLocator' (lines '194'-'217').
src/com/bbb/rest/selfservice/SearchStoreService.java:194:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'storeLocator' (lines '194'-'319').
src/com/bbb/rest/selfservice/SearchStoreService.java:195:	Avoid excessively long variable names like searchStringBuilder
src/com/bbb/rest/selfservice/SearchStoreService.java:195:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'searchStringBuilder' (lines '195'-'256').
src/com/bbb/rest/selfservice/SearchStoreService.java:195:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'searchStringBuilder' (lines '195'-'319').
src/com/bbb/rest/selfservice/SearchStoreService.java:196:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'searchKeyURL' (lines '196'-'319').
src/com/bbb/rest/selfservice/SearchStoreService.java:197:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'storeType' (lines '197'-'261').
src/com/bbb/rest/selfservice/SearchStoreService.java:197:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'storeType' (lines '197'-'319').
src/com/bbb/rest/selfservice/SearchStoreService.java:206:	Local variable 'radiusStr' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/selfservice/SearchStoreService.java:207:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'pageKey' (lines '207'-'319').
src/com/bbb/rest/selfservice/SearchStoreService.java:207:	Local variable 'pageKey' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/selfservice/SearchStoreService.java:208:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'pageNumber' (lines '208'-'319').
src/com/bbb/rest/selfservice/SearchStoreService.java:208:	Local variable 'pageNumber' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/selfservice/SearchStoreService.java:209:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'pageSize' (lines '209'-'319').
src/com/bbb/rest/selfservice/SearchStoreService.java:209:	Local variable 'pageSize' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/selfservice/SearchStoreService.java:217:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'storeLocator' (lines '217'-'319').
src/com/bbb/rest/selfservice/SearchStoreService.java:227:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/com/bbb/rest/selfservice/SearchStoreService.java:239:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/com/bbb/rest/selfservice/SearchStoreService.java:251:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/com/bbb/rest/selfservice/SearchStoreService.java:256:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'searchStringBuilder' (lines '256'-'319').
src/com/bbb/rest/selfservice/SearchStoreService.java:266:	Avoid excessively long variable names like bbbSystemException
src/com/bbb/rest/selfservice/SearchStoreService.java:268:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/com/bbb/rest/selfservice/SearchStoreService.java:269:	Avoid excessively long variable names like bbbBusinessException
src/com/bbb/rest/selfservice/SearchStoreService.java:271:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/com/bbb/rest/selfservice/SearchStoreService.java:287:	Avoid concatenating nonliterals in a StringBuffer/StringBuilder constructor or append().
src/com/bbb/rest/selfservice/SearchStoreService.java:306:	Avoid excessively long variable names like bbbSystemException
src/com/bbb/rest/selfservice/SearchStoreService.java:308:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/com/bbb/rest/selfservice/SearchStoreService.java:312:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/com/bbb/rest/selfservice/SearchStoreService.java:332:	Parameter 'inputParam' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/selfservice/SearchStoreService.java:332:	The method 'searchSKUInStore' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 15.
src/com/bbb/rest/selfservice/SearchStoreService.java:332:	The method searchSKUInStore() has an NPath complexity of 288
src/com/bbb/rest/selfservice/SearchStoreService.java:343:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'searchInStoreVO' (lines '343'-'384').
src/com/bbb/rest/selfservice/SearchStoreService.java:343:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'searchInStoreVO' (lines '343'-'395').
src/com/bbb/rest/selfservice/SearchStoreService.java:343:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'searchInStoreVO' (lines '343'-'413').
src/com/bbb/rest/selfservice/SearchStoreService.java:344:	Avoid excessively long variable names like objStoreDetailsWrapper
src/com/bbb/rest/selfservice/SearchStoreService.java:344:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'objStoreDetailsWrapper' (lines '344'-'374').
src/com/bbb/rest/selfservice/SearchStoreService.java:344:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'objStoreDetailsWrapper' (lines '344'-'413').
src/com/bbb/rest/selfservice/SearchStoreService.java:345:	Local variable 'skuID' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/selfservice/SearchStoreService.java:346:	Local variable 'quantity' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/selfservice/SearchStoreService.java:347:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'productStatusMap' (lines '347'-'380').
src/com/bbb/rest/selfservice/SearchStoreService.java:347:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'productStatusMap' (lines '347'-'413').
src/com/bbb/rest/selfservice/SearchStoreService.java:348:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'produtQty' (lines '348'-'359').
src/com/bbb/rest/selfservice/SearchStoreService.java:348:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'produtQty' (lines '348'-'413').
src/com/bbb/rest/selfservice/SearchStoreService.java:366:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/com/bbb/rest/selfservice/SearchStoreService.java:378:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/rest/selfservice/SearchStoreService.java:382:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/rest/selfservice/SearchStoreService.java:406:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/com/bbb/rest/selfservice/SearchStoreService.java:429:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'storeDetails' (lines '429'-'447').
src/com/bbb/rest/selfservice/SearchStoreService.java:429:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'storeDetails' (lines '429'-'449').
src/com/bbb/rest/selfservice/SearchStoreService.java:429:	Parameter 'pReqQty' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/selfservice/SearchStoreService.java:429:	Parameter 'pSiteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/selfservice/SearchStoreService.java:429:	Parameter 'pSkuId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/selfservice/SearchStoreService.java:429:	Parameter 'pStoreDetails' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/selfservice/SearchStoreService.java:429:	The method 'checkProductAvailability' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 12.
src/com/bbb/rest/selfservice/SearchStoreService.java:433:	Avoid excessively long variable names like productAvailStatus
src/com/bbb/rest/selfservice/SearchStoreService.java:433:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'productAvailStatus' (lines '433'-'490').
src/com/bbb/rest/selfservice/SearchStoreService.java:433:	Local variable 'productAvailStatus' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/selfservice/SearchStoreService.java:434:	Avoid excessively long variable names like bopusEligibleStates
src/com/bbb/rest/selfservice/SearchStoreService.java:434:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bopusEligibleStates' (lines '434'-'436').
src/com/bbb/rest/selfservice/SearchStoreService.java:435:	Avoid excessively long variable names like bopusInEligibleStore
src/com/bbb/rest/selfservice/SearchStoreService.java:435:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bopusInEligibleStore' (lines '435'-'439').
src/com/bbb/rest/selfservice/SearchStoreService.java:438:	Local variable 'pStoreId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/selfservice/SearchStoreService.java:439:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'bopusInEligibleStore' (lines '439'-'490').
src/com/bbb/rest/selfservice/SearchStoreService.java:442:	Local variable 'storeIds' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/selfservice/SearchStoreService.java:443:	Local variable 'storeDetails' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/selfservice/SearchStoreService.java:449:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/rest/selfservice/SearchStoreService.java:464:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'storeInventoryMap' (lines '464'-'490').
src/com/bbb/rest/selfservice/SearchStoreService.java:466:	Avoid excessively long variable names like inventoryException
src/com/bbb/rest/selfservice/SearchStoreService.java:468:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/com/bbb/rest/selfservice/SearchStoreService.java:471:	Local variable 'storeId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/selfservice/SearchStoreService.java:475:	Local variable 'boupusStatus' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/selfservice/SearchStoreService.java:476:	Local variable 'inventoryStatus' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/selfservice/SearchStoreService.java:477:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/rest/selfservice/SearchStoreService.java:481:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/com/bbb/rest/selfservice/SearchStoreService.java:493:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'item' (lines '493'-'518').
src/com/bbb/rest/selfservice/SearchStoreService.java:493:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'store' (lines '493'-'501').
src/com/bbb/rest/selfservice/SearchStoreService.java:493:	Parameter 'storeList' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/selfservice/SearchStoreService.java:493:	The method 'storeSpecialityCode' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/com/bbb/rest/selfservice/SearchStoreService.java:499:	Local variable 'store' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/selfservice/SearchStoreService.java:503:	Local variable 'view' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/selfservice/SearchStoreService.java:505:	Local variable 'statement' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/selfservice/SearchStoreService.java:507:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/rest/selfservice/SearchStoreService.java:507:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'params' (lines '507'-'508').
src/com/bbb/rest/selfservice/SearchStoreService.java:509:	Local variable 'items' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/selfservice/SearchStoreService.java:512:	Avoid excessively long variable names like specialityItemList
src/com/bbb/rest/selfservice/SearchStoreService.java:512:	Local variable 'specialityItemList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/selfservice/SearchStoreService.java:513:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/rest/selfservice/SearchStoreService.java:513:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'specialityItemSet' (lines '513'-'513').
src/com/bbb/rest/selfservice/SearchStoreService.java:513:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'specialityItemSet' (lines '513'-'535').
src/com/bbb/rest/selfservice/SearchStoreService.java:513:	Local variable 'specialityItemSet' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/selfservice/SearchStoreService.java:514:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0) with calls to isEmpty()
src/com/bbb/rest/selfservice/SearchStoreService.java:516:	Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/selfservice/SearchStoreService.java:522:	Local variable 'specialityVOlist' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/rest/selfservice/SearchStoreService.java:533:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/com/bbb/salesData/scheduler/SalesDataFeedScheduler.java:1:	A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
src/com/bbb/salesData/scheduler/SalesDataFeedScheduler.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/com/bbb/salesData/scheduler/SalesDataFeedScheduler.java:52:	The class 'SalesDataFeedScheduler' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 5 (Highest = 39).
src/com/bbb/salesData/scheduler/SalesDataFeedScheduler.java:56:	Avoid excessively long variable names like transactionManager
src/com/bbb/salesData/scheduler/SalesDataFeedScheduler.java:122:	Parameter 'pDataSource' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/salesData/scheduler/SalesDataFeedScheduler.java:216:	Avoid excessively long variable names like transactionManager
src/com/bbb/salesData/scheduler/SalesDataFeedScheduler.java:258:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/salesData/scheduler/SalesDataFeedScheduler.java:258:	The method 'doScheduledTask' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 24.
src/com/bbb/salesData/scheduler/SalesDataFeedScheduler.java:258:	The method doScheduledTask() has an NPath complexity of 1336
src/com/bbb/salesData/scheduler/SalesDataFeedScheduler.java:272:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'updatedRow' (lines '272'-'275').
src/com/bbb/salesData/scheduler/SalesDataFeedScheduler.java:275:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'updatedRow' (lines '275'-'326').
src/com/bbb/salesData/scheduler/SalesDataFeedScheduler.java:276:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/salesData/scheduler/SalesDataFeedScheduler.java:277:	Avoid excessively long variable names like feedValueForFeedKeys
src/com/bbb/salesData/scheduler/SalesDataFeedScheduler.java:279:	The String literal "startDate" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 279
src/com/bbb/salesData/scheduler/SalesDataFeedScheduler.java:281:	Avoid variables with short names like df
src/com/bbb/salesData/scheduler/SalesDataFeedScheduler.java:287:	The String literal "endDate" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 287
src/com/bbb/salesData/scheduler/SalesDataFeedScheduler.java:289:	Avoid variables with short names like df
src/com/bbb/salesData/scheduler/SalesDataFeedScheduler.java:294:	The String literal "batchSize" appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 294
src/com/bbb/salesData/scheduler/SalesDataFeedScheduler.java:307:	The String literal "orderStates" appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 307
src/com/bbb/salesData/scheduler/SalesDataFeedScheduler.java:374:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/salesData/scheduler/SalesDataFeedScheduler.java:374:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'productSalesDataKey' (lines '374'-'459').
src/com/bbb/salesData/scheduler/SalesDataFeedScheduler.java:374:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'sales' (lines '374'-'440').
src/com/bbb/salesData/scheduler/SalesDataFeedScheduler.java:374:	The method 'processSalesData' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 39.
src/com/bbb/salesData/scheduler/SalesDataFeedScheduler.java:374:	The method processSalesData() has an NCSS line count of 108
src/com/bbb/salesData/scheduler/SalesDataFeedScheduler.java:374:	The method processSalesData() has an NPath complexity of 172946
src/com/bbb/salesData/scheduler/SalesDataFeedScheduler.java:381:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'params' (lines '381'-'405').
src/com/bbb/salesData/scheduler/SalesDataFeedScheduler.java:387:	Avoid calling toString() on String objects; this is unnecessary.
src/com/bbb/salesData/scheduler/SalesDataFeedScheduler.java:405:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'params' (lines '405'-'408').
src/com/bbb/salesData/scheduler/SalesDataFeedScheduler.java:407:	System.arraycopy is more efficient
src/com/bbb/salesData/scheduler/SalesDataFeedScheduler.java:408:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'params' (lines '408'-'408').
src/com/bbb/salesData/scheduler/SalesDataFeedScheduler.java:409:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/com/bbb/salesData/scheduler/SalesDataFeedScheduler.java:411:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/com/bbb/salesData/scheduler/SalesDataFeedScheduler.java:415:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/com/bbb/salesData/scheduler/SalesDataFeedScheduler.java:423:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'productSalesData' (lines '423'-'452').
src/com/bbb/salesData/scheduler/SalesDataFeedScheduler.java:430:	The String literal "salesData" appears 8 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 430
src/com/bbb/salesData/scheduler/SalesDataFeedScheduler.java:431:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'paramDate' (lines '431'-'432').
src/com/bbb/salesData/scheduler/SalesDataFeedScheduler.java:440:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/salesData/scheduler/SalesDataFeedScheduler.java:458:	Avoid excessively long variable names like productSalesDataKey
src/com/bbb/salesData/scheduler/SalesDataFeedScheduler.java:464:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'productId' (lines '464'-'553').
src/com/bbb/salesData/scheduler/SalesDataFeedScheduler.java:465:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'siteId' (lines '465'-'469').
src/com/bbb/salesData/scheduler/SalesDataFeedScheduler.java:468:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'prodId' (lines '468'-'468').
src/com/bbb/salesData/scheduler/SalesDataFeedScheduler.java:468:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'prodId' (lines '468'-'553').
src/com/bbb/salesData/scheduler/SalesDataFeedScheduler.java:469:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'siteId' (lines '469'-'465').
src/com/bbb/salesData/scheduler/SalesDataFeedScheduler.java:469:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'siteId' (lines '469'-'553').
src/com/bbb/salesData/scheduler/SalesDataFeedScheduler.java:472:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'totalAmount' (lines '472'-'495').
src/com/bbb/salesData/scheduler/SalesDataFeedScheduler.java:472:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'totalAmount' (lines '472'-'553').
src/com/bbb/salesData/scheduler/SalesDataFeedScheduler.java:473:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'quantity' (lines '473'-'489').
src/com/bbb/salesData/scheduler/SalesDataFeedScheduler.java:473:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'quantity' (lines '473'-'553').
src/com/bbb/salesData/scheduler/SalesDataFeedScheduler.java:474:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'numberOfOrder' (lines '474'-'492').
src/com/bbb/salesData/scheduler/SalesDataFeedScheduler.java:474:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'numberOfOrder' (lines '474'-'553').
src/com/bbb/salesData/scheduler/SalesDataFeedScheduler.java:481:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/salesData/scheduler/SalesDataFeedScheduler.java:488:	The String literal "unitSales" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 488
src/com/bbb/salesData/scheduler/SalesDataFeedScheduler.java:491:	The String literal "orderSales" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 491
src/com/bbb/salesData/scheduler/SalesDataFeedScheduler.java:492:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'numberOfOrder' (lines '492'-'474').
src/com/bbb/salesData/scheduler/SalesDataFeedScheduler.java:492:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'numberOfOrder' (lines '492'-'553').
src/com/bbb/salesData/scheduler/SalesDataFeedScheduler.java:494:	The String literal "totalSales" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 494
src/com/bbb/salesData/scheduler/SalesDataFeedScheduler.java:495:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'totalAmount' (lines '495'-'472').
src/com/bbb/salesData/scheduler/SalesDataFeedScheduler.java:495:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'totalAmount' (lines '495'-'553').
src/com/bbb/salesData/scheduler/SalesDataFeedScheduler.java:521:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/salesData/scheduler/SalesDataFeedScheduler.java:567:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'repositoryItems' (lines '567'-'589').
src/com/bbb/salesData/scheduler/SalesDataFeedScheduler.java:567:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'repositoryItems' (lines '567'-'599').
src/com/bbb/salesData/scheduler/SalesDataFeedScheduler.java:619:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/salesData/scheduler/SalesDataFeedScheduler.java:619:	Avoid unused method parameters such as 'rqlQuery'.
src/com/bbb/salesData/scheduler/SalesDataFeedScheduler.java:619:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'commerceItem' (lines '619'-'662').
src/com/bbb/salesData/scheduler/SalesDataFeedScheduler.java:619:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'order' (lines '619'-'648').
src/com/bbb/salesData/scheduler/SalesDataFeedScheduler.java:619:	The method 'fetchOrderFromRepository' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 26.
src/com/bbb/salesData/scheduler/SalesDataFeedScheduler.java:619:	The method fetchOrderFromRepository() has an NPath complexity of 4654
src/com/bbb/salesData/scheduler/SalesDataFeedScheduler.java:622:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'totalCount' (lines '622'-'710').
src/com/bbb/salesData/scheduler/SalesDataFeedScheduler.java:623:	Avoid excessively long variable names like continueProcessing
src/com/bbb/salesData/scheduler/SalesDataFeedScheduler.java:638:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/salesData/scheduler/SalesDataFeedScheduler.java:639:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/salesData/scheduler/SalesDataFeedScheduler.java:650:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'cItems' (lines '650'-'652').
src/com/bbb/salesData/scheduler/SalesDataFeedScheduler.java:656:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'skuId' (lines '656'-'663').
src/com/bbb/salesData/scheduler/SalesDataFeedScheduler.java:657:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'productId' (lines '657'-'667').
src/com/bbb/salesData/scheduler/SalesDataFeedScheduler.java:658:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'quantity' (lines '658'-'670').
src/com/bbb/salesData/scheduler/SalesDataFeedScheduler.java:658:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'quantity' (lines '658'-'725').
src/com/bbb/salesData/scheduler/SalesDataFeedScheduler.java:659:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'siteId' (lines '659'-'673').
src/com/bbb/salesData/scheduler/SalesDataFeedScheduler.java:660:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'price' (lines '660'-'678').
src/com/bbb/salesData/scheduler/SalesDataFeedScheduler.java:660:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'price' (lines '660'-'725').
src/com/bbb/salesData/scheduler/SalesDataFeedScheduler.java:661:	Avoid excessively long variable names like productSalesDataKey
src/com/bbb/salesData/scheduler/SalesDataFeedScheduler.java:661:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'productSalesDataKey' (lines '661'-'683').
src/com/bbb/salesData/scheduler/SalesDataFeedScheduler.java:661:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'productSalesDataKey' (lines '661'-'725').
src/com/bbb/salesData/scheduler/SalesDataFeedScheduler.java:670:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'quantity' (lines '670'-'658').
src/com/bbb/salesData/scheduler/SalesDataFeedScheduler.java:670:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'quantity' (lines '670'-'725').
src/com/bbb/salesData/scheduler/SalesDataFeedScheduler.java:678:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'price' (lines '678'-'660').
src/com/bbb/salesData/scheduler/SalesDataFeedScheduler.java:678:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'price' (lines '678'-'725').
src/com/bbb/salesData/scheduler/SalesDataFeedScheduler.java:693:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/salesData/scheduler/SalesDataFeedScheduler.java:733:	The method 'getDate' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 17.
src/com/bbb/salesData/scheduler/SalesDataFeedScheduler.java:733:	The method getDate() has an NPath complexity of 704
src/com/bbb/salesData/scheduler/SalesDataFeedScheduler.java:739:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'cutOffStartDate' (lines '739'-'748').
src/com/bbb/salesData/scheduler/SalesDataFeedScheduler.java:740:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'lastStartDate' (lines '740'-'768').
src/com/bbb/salesData/scheduler/SalesDataFeedScheduler.java:741:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'lastEndDate' (lines '741'-'755').
src/com/bbb/salesData/scheduler/SalesDataFeedScheduler.java:741:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'lastEndDate' (lines '741'-'769').
src/com/bbb/salesData/scheduler/SalesDataFeedScheduler.java:744:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isIncrement' (lines '744'-'754').
src/com/bbb/salesData/scheduler/SalesDataFeedScheduler.java:744:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isIncrement' (lines '744'-'773').
src/com/bbb/salesData/scheduler/SalesDataFeedScheduler.java:745:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isDecrement' (lines '745'-'772').
src/com/bbb/salesData/scheduler/SalesDataFeedScheduler.java:819:	A method/constructor shouldnt explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/com/bbb/salesData/scheduler/SalesDataFeedScheduler.java:819:	A method/constructor shouldnt explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/com/bbb/salesData/scheduler/SalesDataFeedScheduler.java:821:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'conn' (lines '821'-'823').
src/com/bbb/salesData/scheduler/SalesDataFeedScheduler.java:823:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'conn' (lines '823'-'828').
src/com/bbb/salesData/scheduler/SalesDataFeedScheduler.java:824:	A catch statement that catches an exception only to rethrow it should be avoided.
src/com/bbb/salesData/scheduler/SalesDataFeedScheduler.java:836:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'cstmt' (lines '836'-'841').
src/com/bbb/salesData/scheduler/SalesDataFeedScheduler.java:837:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'connection' (lines '837'-'839').
src/com/bbb/search/droplet/ResultListDroplet.java:52:	Local variable 'searchResults' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/search/droplet/SearchDroplet.java:43:	The class 'SearchDroplet' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 53).
src/com/bbb/search/droplet/SearchDroplet.java:51:	Avoid excessively long variable names like dimDisplayMapConfig
src/com/bbb/search/droplet/SearchDroplet.java:52:	Avoid excessively long variable names like dimNonDisplayMapConfig
src/com/bbb/search/droplet/SearchDroplet.java:55:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SEARCH_BIZ_EXCEPTION
src/com/bbb/search/droplet/SearchDroplet.java:56:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SEARCH_SYS_EXCEPTION
src/com/bbb/search/droplet/SearchDroplet.java:62:	Avoid excessively long variable names like UN_MATCH_SEARCH_CRITERIA
src/com/bbb/search/droplet/SearchDroplet.java:67:	Avoid excessively long variable names like MIN_KEYWORD_LENGTH
src/com/bbb/search/droplet/SearchDroplet.java:68:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PAGE_SIZE_COOKIE_NAME
src/com/bbb/search/droplet/SearchDroplet.java:69:	Avoid excessively long variable names like REDIRECT_URL_IDENTIFIER
src/com/bbb/search/droplet/SearchDroplet.java:70:	Field isHeaderSearch has the same name as a method
src/com/bbb/search/droplet/SearchDroplet.java:71:	Avoid excessively long variable names like isValidSearchCriteria
src/com/bbb/search/droplet/SearchDroplet.java:71:	Field isValidSearchCriteria has the same name as a method
src/com/bbb/search/droplet/SearchDroplet.java:74:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'MIN_PRICE_RANGE'.
src/com/bbb/search/droplet/SearchDroplet.java:75:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'MAX_PRICE_RANGE'.
src/com/bbb/search/droplet/SearchDroplet.java:76:	Avoid excessively long variable names like DEFAULT_MIN_PRICE_RANGE
src/com/bbb/search/droplet/SearchDroplet.java:76:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'DEFAULT_MIN_PRICE_RANGE'.
src/com/bbb/search/droplet/SearchDroplet.java:77:	Avoid excessively long variable names like DEFAULT_MAX_PRICE_RANGE
src/com/bbb/search/droplet/SearchDroplet.java:77:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'DEFAULT_MAX_PRICE_RANGE'.
src/com/bbb/search/droplet/SearchDroplet.java:99:	Local variable 'dimDisplayMap' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/search/droplet/SearchDroplet.java:111:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'value' (lines '111'-'117').
src/com/bbb/search/droplet/SearchDroplet.java:111:	Parameter 'map1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/search/droplet/SearchDroplet.java:112:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'commaString' (lines '112'-'129').
src/com/bbb/search/droplet/SearchDroplet.java:114:	Local variable 'list' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/search/droplet/SearchDroplet.java:115:	Local variable 'map' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/search/droplet/SearchDroplet.java:116:	Local variable 'value' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/search/droplet/SearchDroplet.java:119:	Avoid variables with short names like it
src/com/bbb/search/droplet/SearchDroplet.java:119:	Local variable 'it' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/search/droplet/SearchDroplet.java:120:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'facets' (lines '120'-'123').
src/com/bbb/search/droplet/SearchDroplet.java:120:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'facets' (lines '120'-'132').
src/com/bbb/search/droplet/SearchDroplet.java:121:	Avoid instantiating String objects; this is usually unnecessary.
src/com/bbb/search/droplet/SearchDroplet.java:124:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/com/bbb/search/droplet/SearchDroplet.java:139:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'headerFacet' (lines '139'-'141').
src/com/bbb/search/droplet/SearchDroplet.java:162:	Parameter 'catalogTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/search/droplet/SearchDroplet.java:170:	Parameter 'searchDimConfig' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/search/droplet/SearchDroplet.java:178:	Parameter 'headerFacetsDim' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/search/droplet/SearchDroplet.java:186:	Avoid excessively long variable names like dimDisplayMapConfig
src/com/bbb/search/droplet/SearchDroplet.java:186:	Parameter 'dimDisplayMapConfig' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/search/droplet/SearchDroplet.java:194:	Avoid excessively long variable names like dimNonDisplayMapConfig
src/com/bbb/search/droplet/SearchDroplet.java:194:	Parameter 'dimNonDisplayMapConfig' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/search/droplet/SearchDroplet.java:202:	Parameter 'isHeaderSearch' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/search/droplet/SearchDroplet.java:210:	Avoid excessively long variable names like isValidSearchCriteria
src/com/bbb/search/droplet/SearchDroplet.java:210:	Parameter 'isValidSearchCriteria' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/search/droplet/SearchDroplet.java:218:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/search/droplet/SearchDroplet.java:218:	The method 'service' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 53.
src/com/bbb/search/droplet/SearchDroplet.java:218:	The method service() has an NCSS line count of 144
src/com/bbb/search/droplet/SearchDroplet.java:218:	The method service() has an NPath complexity of 9946800
src/com/bbb/search/droplet/SearchDroplet.java:253:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pFacets' (lines '253'-'258').
src/com/bbb/search/droplet/SearchDroplet.java:253:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pFacets' (lines '253'-'323').
src/com/bbb/search/droplet/SearchDroplet.java:256:	The String literal "CatalogId" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 256
src/com/bbb/search/droplet/SearchDroplet.java:256:	The String literal "catalogId" appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 256
src/com/bbb/search/droplet/SearchDroplet.java:257:	The String literal "catalogRefId" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 257
src/com/bbb/search/droplet/SearchDroplet.java:264:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/search/droplet/SearchDroplet.java:272:	The String literal "true" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 272
src/com/bbb/search/droplet/SearchDroplet.java:291:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/search/droplet/SearchDroplet.java:313:	Position literals first in String comparisons
src/com/bbb/search/droplet/SearchDroplet.java:325:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pageSizeFilter' (lines '325'-'326').
src/com/bbb/search/droplet/SearchDroplet.java:350:	Local variable 'pCVo' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/search/droplet/SearchDroplet.java:351:	Local variable 'pMap' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/search/droplet/SearchDroplet.java:353:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/search/droplet/SearchDroplet.java:377:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/com/bbb/search/droplet/SearchDroplet.java:379:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/com/bbb/search/droplet/SearchDroplet.java:385:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/search/droplet/SearchDroplet.java:400:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/com/bbb/search/droplet/SearchDroplet.java:402:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/com/bbb/search/droplet/SearchDroplet.java:432:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'productId' (lines '432'-'437').
src/com/bbb/search/droplet/SearchDroplet.java:436:	Local variable 'productId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/search/droplet/TypeAheadDroplet.java:43:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mTypeAheadDimListKey
src/com/bbb/search/droplet/TypeAheadDroplet.java:44:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mShowPopularKeywords
src/com/bbb/search/droplet/TypeAheadDroplet.java:55:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'facetList' (lines '55'-'57').
src/com/bbb/search/droplet/TypeAheadDroplet.java:86:	Parameter 'searchDimConfig' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/search/droplet/TypeAheadDroplet.java:108:	Avoid excessively long variable names like typeAheadDimListKey
src/com/bbb/search/droplet/TypeAheadDroplet.java:108:	Parameter 'typeAheadDimListKey' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/search/droplet/TypeAheadDroplet.java:116:	Avoid excessively long variable names like showPopularKeywords
src/com/bbb/search/droplet/TypeAheadDroplet.java:116:	Parameter 'showPopularKeywords' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/search/droplet/TypeAheadDroplet.java:147:	Local variable 'pFacets' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/search/handler/NavigationSearchFormHandler.java:30:	Parameter 'pSearchTerm' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/search/handler/NavigationSearchFormHandler.java:44:	Parameter 'pSearchSuccessURL' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/search/handler/NavigationSearchFormHandler.java:56:	Parameter 'pRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/search/handler/NavigationSearchFormHandler.java:57:	Parameter 'pResponse' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/search/handler/NavigationSearchFormHandler.java:76:	Local variable 'successUrl' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/search/integration/SearchManager.java:32:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.framework.performance.BBBPerformanceConstants'
src/com/bbb/search/integration/SearchManager.java:32:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.framework.performance.BBBPerformanceConstants'
src/com/bbb/search/integration/SearchManager.java:33:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.framework.performance.BBBPerformanceMonitor'
src/com/bbb/search/integration/SearchManager.java:33:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.framework.performance.BBBPerformanceMonitor'
src/com/bbb/search/integration/SearchManager.java:52:	Perhaps 'mFacets' could be replaced by a local variable.
src/com/bbb/search/integration/SearchManager.java:54:	Avoid excessively long variable names like dimDisplayMapConfig
src/com/bbb/search/integration/SearchManager.java:70:	Avoid excessively long variable names like dimDisplayMapConfig
src/com/bbb/search/integration/SearchManager.java:70:	Parameter 'dimDisplayMapConfig' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/search/integration/SearchManager.java:84:	Parameter 'catalogTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/search/integration/SearchManager.java:117:	Local variable 'searchResults' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/search/integration/SearchManager.java:143:	Local variable 'pFQResults' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/search/integration/SearchManager.java:183:	Local variable 'pSiteId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/search/integration/SearchManager.java:217:	Local variable 'map' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/search/integration/SearchManager.java:225:	Parameter 'dimName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/search/integration/SearchManager.java:225:	Parameter 'parentName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/search/integration/SearchManager.java:235:	Parameter 'pCatalogId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/search/integration/SearchManager.java:237:	Local variable 'pSiteId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/search/integration/SearchManager.java:249:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'stateDimension'.
src/com/bbb/search/integration/SearchManager.java:249:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'stateDimension' (lines '249'-'254').
src/com/bbb/search/integration/SearchManager.java:249:	Local variable 'stateDimension' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/search/integration/SearchManager.java:250:	Local variable 'pSiteId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/search/integration/SearchManager.java:258:	Local variable 'dimDisplayMap' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/search/integration/SearchManager.java:270:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'value' (lines '270'-'276').
src/com/bbb/search/integration/SearchManager.java:270:	Parameter 'map1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/search/integration/SearchManager.java:271:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'commaString' (lines '271'-'288').
src/com/bbb/search/integration/SearchManager.java:273:	Local variable 'list' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/search/integration/SearchManager.java:274:	Local variable 'map' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/search/integration/SearchManager.java:275:	Local variable 'value' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/search/integration/SearchManager.java:278:	Avoid variables with short names like it
src/com/bbb/search/integration/SearchManager.java:278:	Local variable 'it' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/search/integration/SearchManager.java:279:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'facets' (lines '279'-'282').
src/com/bbb/search/integration/SearchManager.java:279:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'facets' (lines '279'-'291').
src/com/bbb/search/integration/SearchManager.java:280:	Avoid instantiating String objects; this is usually unnecessary.
src/com/bbb/search/integration/SearchManager.java:283:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/Maneuvers.java:3:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.ArrayList'
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/Maneuvers.java:3:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.ArrayList'
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/Maneuvers.java:35:	Parameter 'pIndex' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/Maneuvers.java:47:	Parameter 'pDirection' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/Maneuvers.java:59:	Parameter 'pNarrative' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/Maneuvers.java:72:	Parameter 'pIconUrl' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/Maneuvers.java:84:	Parameter 'pDistance' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/Maneuvers.java:96:	Parameter 'pTime' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/Maneuvers.java:108:	Parameter 'pAttributes' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/Maneuvers.java:120:	Parameter 'pTransportMode' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/Maneuvers.java:132:	Parameter 'pDirectionName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/Maneuvers.java:144:	Parameter 'pMapUrl' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/Maneuvers.java:156:	Parameter 'pStartPoint' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/Maneuvers.java:168:	Parameter 'pFormattedTime' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/RouteDetails.java:3:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.ArrayList'
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/RouteDetails.java:3:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.ArrayList'
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/RouteDetails.java:6:	Avoid unused imports such as 'net.sf.ezmorph.bean.MorphDynaBean'
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/RouteDetails.java:6:	Avoid unused imports such as 'net.sf.ezmorph.bean.MorphDynaBean'
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/RouteDetails.java:12:	Too many fields
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/RouteDetails.java:16:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mHasSeasonalClosure
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/RouteDetails.java:39:	Parameter 'pHasTollRoad' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/RouteDetails.java:51:	Parameter 'pTotalDistance' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/RouteDetails.java:63:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pHasSeasonalClosure
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/RouteDetails.java:63:	Parameter 'pHasSeasonalClosure' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/RouteDetails.java:75:	Parameter 'pHasCountryCross' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/RouteDetails.java:87:	Parameter 'pFormattedTime' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/RouteDetails.java:99:	Parameter 'pHasUnpaved' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/RouteDetails.java:111:	Parameter 'pHasHighway' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/RouteDetails.java:123:	Parameter 'pHasFerry' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/RouteDetails.java:135:	Parameter 'pRouteLegs' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/RouteDetails.java:147:	Parameter 'pSessionId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/RouteDetails.java:159:	Parameter 'pStartPointLat' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/RouteDetails.java:171:	Parameter 'pStartPointLng' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/RouteDetails.java:183:	Parameter 'pEndPointLat' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/RouteDetails.java:195:	Parameter 'pEndPointLng' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/RouteDetails.java:207:	Parameter 'pRouteMap' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/RouteDetails.java:219:	Parameter 'pRouteStartPoint' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/RouteLegs.java:3:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.ArrayList'
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/RouteLegs.java:3:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.ArrayList'
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/RouteLegs.java:6:	Avoid unused imports such as 'net.sf.ezmorph.bean.MorphDynaBean'
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/RouteLegs.java:6:	Avoid unused imports such as 'net.sf.ezmorph.bean.MorphDynaBean'
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/RouteLegs.java:17:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mHasSeasonalClosure
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/RouteLegs.java:33:	Parameter 'pHasTollRoad' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/RouteLegs.java:45:	Parameter 'pIndex' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/RouteLegs.java:57:	Parameter 'pLegDistance' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/RouteLegs.java:69:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pHasSeasonalClosure
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/RouteLegs.java:69:	Parameter 'pHasSeasonalClosure' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/RouteLegs.java:81:	Parameter 'pHasCountryCross' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/RouteLegs.java:93:	Parameter 'pFormattedTime' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/RouteLegs.java:105:	Parameter 'pHasUnpaved' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/RouteLegs.java:117:	Parameter 'pHasHighway' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/RouteLegs.java:129:	Parameter 'pHasFerry' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/RouteLegs.java:141:	Parameter 'pManeuvers' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/SelfServiceConstants.java:5:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ID_BASED_STORE_SEARCH
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/SelfServiceConstants.java:6:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ZIPCODE_BASED_STORE_SEARCH
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/SelfServiceConstants.java:7:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ADDRESS_BASED_STORE_SEARCH
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/SelfServiceConstants.java:8:	Avoid excessively long variable names like COORDINATES_BASED_SEARCH
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/SelfServiceConstants.java:9:	Avoid excessively long variable names like STORESEARCHCOOKIENAME
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/SelfServiceConstants.java:10:	Avoid excessively long variable names like STORESEARCHTYPECOOKIENAME
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/SelfServiceConstants.java:11:	Avoid excessively long variable names like STORESEARCHINPUTSTRINGCOOKIENAME
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/SelfServiceConstants.java:13:	Avoid excessively long variable names like HIDE_STORE_SEARCH_FORM
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/SelfServiceConstants.java:14:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SEARCH_BASED_ON_USER_LOCATION
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/SelfServiceConstants.java:15:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SEARCH_BASED_ON_USER_INPUTS
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/SelfServiceConstants.java:17:	Avoid excessively long variable names like MAPQUEST_COLUMN_LIST
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/SelfServiceConstants.java:32:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SPECIALTY_SHOPS_CD
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/SelfServiceConstants.java:61:	Avoid excessively long variable names like HAS_SEASONAL_CLOSURE
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/SelfServiceConstants.java:64:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ROAD_GRADE_STRATEGY
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/SelfServiceConstants.java:85:	Avoid excessively long variable names like AVOIDS_SEASONAL_ROADS
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/SelfServiceConstants.java:93:	Avoid excessively long variable names like STORE_PICKUP_NOT_AVAILABLE
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/SelfServiceConstants.java:95:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERROR_FAVORITE_STORE
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/SelfServiceConstants.java:96:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERROR_FAVORITE_SITE_STORE
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/SelfServiceConstants.java:100:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ADDRESS_LOWER_CASE
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/SelfServiceConstants.java:103:	Avoid excessively long variable names like COUNTRY_LOWER_CASE
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/SelfServiceConstants.java:107:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERROR_SEARCH_STORE_INVALID_INPUT
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/SelfServiceConstants.java:108:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERROR_SEARCH_STORE_MANDATORY_INPUT
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/SelfServiceConstants.java:109:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERROR_SEARCH_STORE_INVALID_RADIUS
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/SelfServiceConstants.java:110:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERROR_SEARCH_STORE_INVALID_PAGENUMBER
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/SelfServiceConstants.java:111:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERROR_SEARCH_STORE_INVALID_PAGESIZE
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/SelfServiceConstants.java:112:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERROR_SEARCH_STORE_TECH_ERROR
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/SelfServiceConstants.java:113:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERROR_SEARCH_STORE_BUSINESS_ERROR
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/SelfServiceConstants.java:114:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERROR_SEARCH_STORE_IO_ERROR
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/SelfServiceConstants.java:115:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERROR_SEARCH_STORE_INVALID_QUANTITY
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/SelfServiceConstants.java:116:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ERROR_SEARCH_STORE_PRODUCT_NOT_AVAILABLE
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/SelfServiceConstants.java:118:	Avoid excessively long variable names like DISPLAY_ONLINE_FLAG
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/SelfServiceConstants.java:121:	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/SelfServiceUtil.java:23:	All methods are static.  Consider using Singleton instead.  Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/SelfServiceUtil.java:32:	Parameter 'pChatAttributes' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/SelfServiceUtil.java:33:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bWindowOpen' (lines '33'-'64').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/SelfServiceUtil.java:35:	Local variable 'currentDT' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/SelfServiceUtil.java:36:	Local variable 'chatStartDT' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/SelfServiceUtil.java:37:	Local variable 'chatEndDT' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/SelfServiceUtil.java:42:	The String literal "HH:mm" appears 8 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 42
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/StoreAddressSuggestion.java:20:	Classes implementing Serializable should set a serialVersionUID
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/StoreAddressSuggestion.java:31:	Parameter 'pAddress' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/StoreAddressSuggestion.java:31:	Parameter 'pCity' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/StoreAddressSuggestion.java:32:	Parameter 'pStateCode' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/StoreAddressSuggestion.java:53:	Parameter 'pCity' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/StoreAddressSuggestion.java:68:	Parameter 'pStateCode' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/StoreAddressSuggestion.java:83:	Parameter 'pAddress' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/StoreAddressSuggestion.java:94:	Local variable 'strBuild' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/StoreAddressSuggestion.java:95:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/StoreAddressSuggestion.java:95:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/StoreDetails.java:1:	This class has a bunch of public methods and attributes
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/StoreDetails.java:18:	Too many fields
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/StoreDetails.java:34:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mWeekdaysStoreTimings
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/StoreDetails.java:46:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mStoreSpecialityVO
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/StoreDetails.java:57:	Parameter 'storeSpecialityVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/StoreDetails.java:91:	Parameter 'pAddress' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/StoreDetails.java:91:	Parameter 'pStoreDescription' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/StoreDetails.java:92:	Parameter 'pCity' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/StoreDetails.java:92:	Parameter 'pCountry' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/StoreDetails.java:92:	Parameter 'pPostalCode' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/StoreDetails.java:92:	Parameter 'pState' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/StoreDetails.java:93:	Parameter 'pSatStoreTimings' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/StoreDetails.java:93:	Parameter 'pSunStoreTimings' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/StoreDetails.java:94:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pWeekdaysStoreTimings
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/StoreDetails.java:94:	Parameter 'pOtherTimings1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/StoreDetails.java:94:	Parameter 'pWeekdaysStoreTimings' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/StoreDetails.java:95:	Parameter 'pOtherTimings2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/StoreDetails.java:95:	Parameter 'pStorePhone' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/StoreDetails.java:96:	Parameter 'pDistance' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/StoreDetails.java:96:	Parameter 'pDistanceUnit' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/StoreDetails.java:96:	Parameter 'pImageCode' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/StoreDetails.java:97:	Parameter 'pLat' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/StoreDetails.java:97:	Parameter 'pLng' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/StoreDetails.java:97:	Parameter 'pRecordNumber' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/StoreDetails.java:98:	Parameter 'pSpecialtyShopsCd' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/StoreDetails.java:98:	Parameter 'pStoreType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/StoreDetails.java:125:	Parameter 'pAddress' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/StoreDetails.java:125:	Parameter 'pStoreDescription' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/StoreDetails.java:126:	Parameter 'pCity' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/StoreDetails.java:126:	Parameter 'pCountry' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/StoreDetails.java:126:	Parameter 'pPostalCode' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/StoreDetails.java:126:	Parameter 'pState' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/StoreDetails.java:127:	Parameter 'pSatStoreTimings' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/StoreDetails.java:127:	Parameter 'pSunStoreTimings' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/StoreDetails.java:128:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pWeekdaysStoreTimings
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/StoreDetails.java:128:	Parameter 'pOtherTimings1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/StoreDetails.java:128:	Parameter 'pWeekdaysStoreTimings' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/StoreDetails.java:129:	Parameter 'pOtherTimings2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/StoreDetails.java:129:	Parameter 'pStorePhone' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/StoreDetails.java:130:	Parameter 'pDistance' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/StoreDetails.java:130:	Parameter 'pDistanceUnit' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/StoreDetails.java:130:	Parameter 'pImageCode' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/StoreDetails.java:131:	Parameter 'pLat' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/StoreDetails.java:131:	Parameter 'pLng' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/StoreDetails.java:131:	Parameter 'pRecordNumber' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/StoreDetails.java:132:	Parameter 'contactFlag' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/StoreDetails.java:132:	Parameter 'pSpecialtyShopsCd' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/StoreDetails.java:132:	Parameter 'pStoreType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/StoreDetails.java:161:	A getX() method which returns a boolean should be named isX()
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/StoreDetails.java:167:	Parameter 'pContactFlag' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/StoreDetails.java:184:	Parameter 'pStoreName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/StoreDetails.java:199:	Parameter 'pStoreDescription' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/StoreDetails.java:214:	Parameter 'pAddress' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/StoreDetails.java:229:	Parameter 'pCity' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/StoreDetails.java:244:	Parameter 'pState' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/StoreDetails.java:259:	Parameter 'pCountry' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/StoreDetails.java:274:	Parameter 'pPostalCode' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/StoreDetails.java:289:	Parameter 'pSatStoreTimings' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/StoreDetails.java:304:	Parameter 'pSunStoreTimings' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/StoreDetails.java:319:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pWeekdaysStoreTimings
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/StoreDetails.java:319:	Parameter 'pWeekdaysStoreTimings' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/StoreDetails.java:334:	Parameter 'pStoreId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/StoreDetails.java:349:	Parameter 'pStorePhone' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/StoreDetails.java:364:	Parameter 'pImageCode' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/StoreDetails.java:379:	Parameter 'pDistance' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/StoreDetails.java:394:	Parameter 'pDistanceUnit' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/StoreDetails.java:410:	Parameter 'pRecordNumber' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/StoreDetails.java:425:	Parameter 'pLng' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/StoreDetails.java:440:	Parameter 'pLat' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/StoreDetails.java:455:	Parameter 'pSpecialtyShopsCd' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/StoreDetails.java:470:	Parameter 'pStoreType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/StoreDetails.java:481:	Local variable 'strBuild' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/StoreDetails.java:482:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/StoreDetails.java:482:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/StoreDetails.java:482:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/StoreDetails.java:482:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/StoreDetails.java:482:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/StoreDetails.java:490:	Parameter 'pOtherTimings1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/StoreDetails.java:498:	Parameter 'pOtherTimings2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/StoreDetailsWrapper.java:27:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mStoreAddressSuggestion
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/StoreDetailsWrapper.java:36:	Parameter 'pCurrentPage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/StoreDetailsWrapper.java:36:	Parameter 'pTotalPageCount' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/StoreDetailsWrapper.java:37:	Parameter 'pPageKey' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/StoreDetailsWrapper.java:37:	Parameter 'pStoreDetails' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/StoreDetailsWrapper.java:45:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pStoreAddressSuggestion
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/StoreDetailsWrapper.java:45:	Parameter 'pStoreAddressSuggestion' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/StoreDetailsWrapper.java:61:	Parameter 'pCurrentPage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/StoreDetailsWrapper.java:76:	Parameter 'pTotalPageCount' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/StoreDetailsWrapper.java:91:	Parameter 'pPageKey' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/StoreDetailsWrapper.java:106:	Parameter 'pStoreDetails' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/StoreDetailsWrapper.java:121:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pStoreAddressSuggestion
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/StoreDetailsWrapper.java:121:	Parameter 'pStoreAddressSuggestion' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/StoreDetailsWrapper.java:130:	Local variable 'strBuild' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/StoreDetailsWrapper.java:130:	StringBuffer constructor is initialized with size 16, but has at least 51 characters appended.
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/StoreLocator.java:24:	Parameter 'mLongitude' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/StoreLocator.java:36:	Parameter 'mLatitude' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/StoreLocator.java:49:	Parameter 'pPostalCode' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/StoreLocator.java:61:	Parameter 'pAddress' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/StoreLocator.java:73:	Parameter 'pCity' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/StoreLocator.java:85:	Parameter 'pState' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/StoreLocator.java:97:	Parameter 'pRadius' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/StoreLocator.java:109:	Parameter 'pPagenumber' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/common/StoreLocator.java:121:	Parameter 'pSearchType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/CanadaStoreLocatorDroplet.java:36:	The class 'CanadaStoreLocatorDroplet' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 10).
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/CanadaStoreLocatorDroplet.java:39:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mCanadaStoreLocatorManager
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/CanadaStoreLocatorDroplet.java:52:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pCanadaStoreLocatorManager
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/CanadaStoreLocatorDroplet.java:52:	Parameter 'pCanadaStoreLocatorManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/CanadaStoreLocatorDroplet.java:65:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'storeSpecialityVO' (lines '65'-'87').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/CanadaStoreLocatorDroplet.java:65:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'storeVO' (lines '65'-'79').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/CanadaStoreLocatorDroplet.java:65:	Parameter 'pRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/CanadaStoreLocatorDroplet.java:65:	The method 'service' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/CanadaStoreLocatorDroplet.java:66:	Parameter 'pResponse' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/CanadaStoreLocatorDroplet.java:73:	Avoid excessively long variable names like canadaStoreLocatorVOs
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/CanadaStoreLocatorDroplet.java:73:	Local variable 'canadaStoreLocatorVOs' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/CanadaStoreLocatorDroplet.java:75:	Local variable 'imageMap' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/CanadaStoreLocatorDroplet.java:77:	Local variable 'storeVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/CanadaStoreLocatorDroplet.java:81:	Avoid excessively long variable names like storeSpecialityVOs
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/CanadaStoreLocatorDroplet.java:81:	Local variable 'storeSpecialityVOs' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/CanadaStoreLocatorDroplet.java:85:	Local variable 'storeSpecialityVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/CanadaStoreLocatorDroplet.java:87:	Local variable 'imagePath' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/CanadaStoreLocatorDroplet.java:89:	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/ChatAskAndAnswerDroplet.java:7:	Avoid unused imports such as 'atg.multisite.SiteManager'
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/ChatAskAndAnswerDroplet.java:7:	Avoid unused imports such as 'atg.multisite.SiteManager'
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/ChatAskAndAnswerDroplet.java:34:	Avoid excessively long variable names like OPARAM_PDP_ATTRIBUTES_VO
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/ChatAskAndAnswerDroplet.java:35:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PARAMETER_PRODUCTID
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/ChatAskAndAnswerDroplet.java:36:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PARAMETER_CATEGORYID
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/ChatAskAndAnswerDroplet.java:44:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'mSiteContext'.
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/ChatAskAndAnswerDroplet.java:57:	Parameter 'pCatalogTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/ChatAskAndAnswerDroplet.java:64:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/ChatAskAndAnswerDroplet.java:64:	Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/ChatAskAndAnswerDroplet.java:66:	Local variable 'methodName' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/ChatAskAndAnswerDroplet.java:69:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pdpAttributesVo' (lines '69'-'81').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/ChatAskAndAnswerDroplet.java:69:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'pdpAttributesVo' (lines '69'-'97').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/ChatAskAndAnswerDroplet.java:70:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'siteId' (lines '70'-'97').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/ChatAskAndAnswerDroplet.java:70:	Local variable 'siteId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/ChatAskAndAnswerDroplet.java:73:	Local variable 'productId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/ChatAskAndAnswerDroplet.java:74:	Local variable 'categoryId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/ChatAskAndAnswerDroplet.java:75:	Local variable 'poc' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/ChatDroplet.java:6:	Avoid unused imports such as 'atg.multisite.SiteContext'
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/ChatDroplet.java:6:	Avoid unused imports such as 'atg.multisite.SiteContext'
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/ChatDroplet.java:31:	Avoid excessively long variable names like OPARAM_CHAT_GLOBAL_FLAG
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/ChatDroplet.java:46:	Parameter 'pCatalogTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/ChatDroplet.java:53:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/ChatDroplet.java:53:	Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/ChatDroplet.java:55:	Local variable 'methodName' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/ChatDroplet.java:58:	Local variable 'siteId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/ChatDroplet.java:60:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'globalChatEnabled' (lines '60'-'66').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/ClickToChatDroplet.java:52:	Parameter 'pSiteContext' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/ClickToChatDroplet.java:67:	Parameter 'pCatalogTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/ClickToChatDroplet.java:80:	Parameter 'pRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/ClickToChatDroplet.java:81:	Parameter 'pResponse' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/ClickToChatDroplet.java:86:	Avoid excessively long variable names like chatWindowOpenFlag
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/ClickToChatDroplet.java:86:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'chatWindowOpenFlag' (lines '86'-'100').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/ClickToChatDroplet.java:88:	Avoid excessively long variable names like siteChatAttributesVO
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/ClickToChatDroplet.java:88:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'siteChatAttributesVO' (lines '88'-'92').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/ClickToChatDroplet.java:89:	Local variable 'siteId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/ClickToChatDroplet.java:105:	The String literal "HH:mm" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 105
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/ContactUSCategoryDroplet.java:43:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SUBJECTCATEGORYTYPES
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/ContactUSCategoryDroplet.java:46:	Avoid excessively long variable names like lblTxtTemplateManager
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/ContactUSCategoryDroplet.java:58:	Avoid excessively long variable names like lblTxtTemplateManager
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/ContactUSCategoryDroplet.java:58:	Parameter 'lblTxtTemplateManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/ContactUSCategoryDroplet.java:73:	Parameter 'pContactUsManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/ContactUSCategoryDroplet.java:86:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'item' (lines '86'-'101').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/ContactUSCategoryDroplet.java:86:	Parameter 'pRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/ContactUSCategoryDroplet.java:87:	Parameter 'pResponse' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/ContactUSCategoryDroplet.java:94:	Avoid excessively long variable names like subjectCategoryTypes
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/ContactUSCategoryDroplet.java:94:	Local variable 'subjectCategoryTypes' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/ContactUSCategoryDroplet.java:95:	Local variable 'items' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/ContactUSCategoryDroplet.java:99:	Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/ContactUSCategoryDroplet.java:128:	Parameter 'inputParam' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/ContactUSCategoryDroplet.java:132:	Avoid excessively long variable names like subjectCategoryTypes
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/ContactUSCategoryDroplet.java:132:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'subjectCategoryTypes' (lines '132'-'137').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/ContactUSCategoryDroplet.java:133:	Local variable 'pRequest' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/ContactUSCategoryDroplet.java:134:	Local variable 'pResponse' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/ContactUSCategoryDroplet.java:148:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/ContactUSCategoryDroplet.java:153:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/ContactUSTimeZoneDroplet.java:54:	Parameter 'pContactUsManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/ContactUSTimeZoneDroplet.java:68:	Parameter 'pSiteContext' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/ContactUSTimeZoneDroplet.java:81:	Parameter 'pRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/ContactUSTimeZoneDroplet.java:82:	Parameter 'pResponse' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/ContactUSTimeZoneDroplet.java:91:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'timeZoneTypes' (lines '91'-'93').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/GetCollegeProductDroplet.java:53:	Parameter 'pCatalogTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/GetCollegeProductDroplet.java:64:	Parameter 'pReq' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/GetCollegeProductDroplet.java:65:	Parameter 'pRes' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/GetCollegeProductDroplet.java:68:	Local variable 'collegeId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/GetCollegeProductDroplet.java:69:	Local variable 'siteId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/GetCollegeProductDroplet.java:71:	Local variable 'productList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/ProcessCouponDroplet.java:45:	The class 'ProcessCouponDroplet' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 24).
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/ProcessCouponDroplet.java:65:	Parameter 'pLblTxtTemplate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/ProcessCouponDroplet.java:80:	Parameter 'pQuery' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/ProcessCouponDroplet.java:95:	Parameter 'pPromTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/ProcessCouponDroplet.java:110:	Parameter 'pCatalogTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/ProcessCouponDroplet.java:125:	Parameter 'pProperty' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/ProcessCouponDroplet.java:140:	Parameter 'pTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/ProcessCouponDroplet.java:151:	Parameter 'pReq' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/ProcessCouponDroplet.java:152:	Parameter 'pRes' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/ProcessCouponDroplet.java:156:	Local variable 'requestType' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/ProcessCouponDroplet.java:199:	Parameter 'pReq' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/ProcessCouponDroplet.java:199:	The method 'validateCoupon' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 15.
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/ProcessCouponDroplet.java:200:	Parameter 'pRequestType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/ProcessCouponDroplet.java:200:	Parameter 'pRes' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/ProcessCouponDroplet.java:205:	Local variable 'currSite' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/ProcessCouponDroplet.java:212:	Local variable 'reqVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/ProcessCouponDroplet.java:222:	Local variable 'methodName' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/ProcessCouponDroplet.java:237:	Local variable 'resStatus' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/ProcessCouponDroplet.java:238:	Local variable 'errorExist' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/ProcessCouponDroplet.java:240:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/ProcessCouponDroplet.java:244:	Local variable 'errId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/ProcessCouponDroplet.java:268:	Parameter 'pErrId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/ProcessCouponDroplet.java:268:	Parameter 'pReq' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/ProcessCouponDroplet.java:297:	Parameter 'pReqVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/ProcessCouponDroplet.java:297:	The method 'getCouponDetailsFromCatalog' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 24.
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/ProcessCouponDroplet.java:298:	Parameter 'pReq' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/ProcessCouponDroplet.java:303:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'code' (lines '303'-'367').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/ProcessCouponDroplet.java:303:	Local variable 'code' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/ProcessCouponDroplet.java:304:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'currSite' (lines '304'-'367').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/ProcessCouponDroplet.java:304:	Local variable 'currSite' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/ProcessCouponDroplet.java:305:	Local variable 'requestType' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/ProcessCouponDroplet.java:306:	Local variable 'couSesStatus' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/ProcessCouponDroplet.java:323:	Local variable 'promId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/ProcessCouponDroplet.java:324:	Local variable 'cmsContent' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/ProcessCouponDroplet.java:331:	Local variable 'promId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/ProcessCouponDroplet.java:332:	Local variable 'cmsContent' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/ProcessCouponDroplet.java:342:	Local variable 'promId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/ProcessCouponDroplet.java:343:	Local variable 'cmsContent' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/ProcessCouponDroplet.java:350:	Local variable 'promId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/ProcessCouponDroplet.java:351:	Local variable 'cmsContent' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/ProcessCouponDroplet.java:358:	Local variable 'promId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/ProcessCouponDroplet.java:359:	Local variable 'cmsContent' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/ProcessCouponDroplet.java:380:	The method 'getCouponRequestVO' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/ProcessCouponDroplet.java:381:	Parameter 'pReq' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/ProcessCouponDroplet.java:381:	Parameter 'pRequestType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/ProcessCouponDroplet.java:385:	Local variable 'siteId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/ProcessCouponDroplet.java:386:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'siteFlag' (lines '386'-'396').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/ProcessCouponDroplet.java:386:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'siteFlag' (lines '386'-'437').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/ProcessCouponDroplet.java:387:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'userToken' (lines '387'-'407').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/ProcessCouponDroplet.java:387:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'userToken' (lines '387'-'437').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/ProcessCouponDroplet.java:389:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'reqVO' (lines '389'-'426').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/ProcessCouponDroplet.java:389:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'reqVO' (lines '389'-'437').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/ProcessCouponDroplet.java:396:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'siteFlag' (lines '396'-'437').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/ProcessCouponDroplet.java:407:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'userToken' (lines '407'-'437').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/ProcessCouponDroplet.java:414:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'serviceName' (lines '414'-'437').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/ProcessCouponDroplet.java:414:	Local variable 'serviceName' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/ProcessCouponDroplet.java:416:	Local variable 'entryCd' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/ProcessCouponDroplet.java:417:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'emailAddr' (lines '417'-'437').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/ProcessCouponDroplet.java:417:	Local variable 'emailAddr' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/ProcessCouponDroplet.java:418:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'mobilePhone' (lines '418'-'437').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/ProcessCouponDroplet.java:418:	Local variable 'mobilePhone' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/SearchInStoreDroplet.java:1:	A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/SearchInStoreDroplet.java:47:	The class 'SearchInStoreDroplet' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 5 (Highest = 39).
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/SearchInStoreDroplet.java:49:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mSearchStoreManager
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/SearchInStoreDroplet.java:80:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/SearchInStoreDroplet.java:80:	Parameter 'req' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/SearchInStoreDroplet.java:80:	The method 'service' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 39.
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/SearchInStoreDroplet.java:80:	The method service() has an NCSS line count of 142
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/SearchInStoreDroplet.java:80:	The method service() has an NPath complexity of 14292
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/SearchInStoreDroplet.java:81:	Parameter 'res' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/SearchInStoreDroplet.java:90:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'storeType' (lines '90'-'93').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/SearchInStoreDroplet.java:91:	Local variable 'siteId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/SearchInStoreDroplet.java:93:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'storeType' (lines '93'-'292').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/SearchInStoreDroplet.java:94:	Avoid excessively long variable names like bbbSystemException
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/SearchInStoreDroplet.java:96:	The String literal "errorMessage" appears 12 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 96
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/SearchInStoreDroplet.java:97:	The String literal "error" appears 11 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 97
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/SearchInStoreDroplet.java:99:	Avoid excessively long variable names like bbbBusinessException
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/SearchInStoreDroplet.java:117:	Avoid excessively long variable names like objStoreDetailsWrapper
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/SearchInStoreDroplet.java:120:	Local variable 'storeId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/SearchInStoreDroplet.java:122:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/SearchInStoreDroplet.java:139:	Local variable 'alStoreDetails' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/SearchInStoreDroplet.java:140:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/SearchInStoreDroplet.java:151:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0) with calls to isEmpty()
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/SearchInStoreDroplet.java:196:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/SearchInStoreDroplet.java:233:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/SearchInStoreDroplet.java:234:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/SearchInStoreDroplet.java:246:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0) with calls to isEmpty()
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/SearchInStoreDroplet.java:265:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/SearchInStoreDroplet.java:307:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'storeDetails' (lines '307'-'327').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/SearchInStoreDroplet.java:307:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'storeDetails' (lines '307'-'329').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/SearchInStoreDroplet.java:307:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'storeId' (lines '307'-'353').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/SearchInStoreDroplet.java:307:	The method 'checkProductAvailability' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/SearchInStoreDroplet.java:308:	Parameter 'pSiteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/SearchInStoreDroplet.java:308:	Parameter 'pSkuId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/SearchInStoreDroplet.java:308:	Parameter 'pStoreDetails' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/SearchInStoreDroplet.java:309:	Avoid unused method parameters such as 'operation'.
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/SearchInStoreDroplet.java:309:	Parameter 'operation' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/SearchInStoreDroplet.java:309:	Parameter 'pReqQty' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/SearchInStoreDroplet.java:309:	Parameter 'pRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/SearchInStoreDroplet.java:311:	Avoid excessively long variable names like productAvailStatus
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/SearchInStoreDroplet.java:311:	Local variable 'productAvailStatus' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/SearchInStoreDroplet.java:312:	Avoid excessively long variable names like bopusEligibleStates
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/SearchInStoreDroplet.java:312:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bopusEligibleStates' (lines '312'-'314').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/SearchInStoreDroplet.java:313:	Avoid excessively long variable names like bopusInEligibleStore
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/SearchInStoreDroplet.java:313:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bopusInEligibleStore' (lines '313'-'317').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/SearchInStoreDroplet.java:316:	Local variable 'pStoreId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/SearchInStoreDroplet.java:322:	Local variable 'storeIds' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/SearchInStoreDroplet.java:323:	Local variable 'storeDetails' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/SearchInStoreDroplet.java:329:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/SearchInStoreDroplet.java:342:	Local variable 'cart' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/SearchInStoreDroplet.java:343:	Local variable 'order' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/SearchInStoreDroplet.java:344:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'skuOrderQuantity' (lines '344'-'345').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/SearchInStoreDroplet.java:346:	Local variable 'requestQty' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/SearchInStoreDroplet.java:352:	Local variable 'storeId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/SearchInStoreDroplet.java:356:	Local variable 'boupusStatus' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/SearchInStoreDroplet.java:357:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'inventoryStatus' (lines '357'-'357').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/SearchInStoreDroplet.java:357:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'inventoryStatus' (lines '357'-'371').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/SearchInStoreDroplet.java:357:	Local variable 'inventoryStatus' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/SearchInStoreDroplet.java:358:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/SearchInStoreDroplet.java:362:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/SearchInStoreDroplet.java:385:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pSearchStoreManager
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/SearchInStoreDroplet.java:385:	Parameter 'pSearchStoreManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/SearchInStoreDroplet.java:400:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pBBBInventoryManager
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/SearchInStoreDroplet.java:400:	Parameter 'pBBBInventoryManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/SearchInStoreDroplet.java:417:	Parameter 'pCatalogTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/SearchInStoreDroplet.java:421:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mStoreInventoryContainer
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/SearchInStoreDroplet.java:428:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mStoreInventoryContainer
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/SearchInStoreDroplet.java:428:	Parameter 'mStoreInventoryContainer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/SearchInStoreDroplet.java:433:	Local variable 'order' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/SearchInStoreDroplet.java:434:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'commerceItemList' (lines '434'-'437').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/SearchInStoreDroplet.java:437:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'commerceItemList' (lines '437'-'453').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/SearchInStoreDroplet.java:445:	Local variable 'tempItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/SearchInStoreDroplet.java:465:	Parameter 'redirectURL' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/SearchStoreDroplet.java:45:	The class 'SearchStoreDroplet' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 29).
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/SearchStoreDroplet.java:49:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mSearchStoreManager
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/SearchStoreDroplet.java:72:	Parameter 'pSiteContext' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/SearchStoreDroplet.java:91:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/SearchStoreDroplet.java:91:	Parameter 'req' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/SearchStoreDroplet.java:91:	The method 'service' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 29.
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/SearchStoreDroplet.java:91:	The method service() has an NCSS line count of 109
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/SearchStoreDroplet.java:91:	The method service() has an NPath complexity of 2400
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/SearchStoreDroplet.java:92:	Parameter 'res' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/SearchStoreDroplet.java:98:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'searchString' (lines '98'-'266').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/SearchStoreDroplet.java:99:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'searchType' (lines '99'-'266').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/SearchStoreDroplet.java:100:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'strTempSearch' (lines '100'-'266').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/SearchStoreDroplet.java:101:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'storeType' (lines '101'-'104').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/SearchStoreDroplet.java:104:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'storeType' (lines '104'-'266').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/SearchStoreDroplet.java:105:	Avoid excessively long variable names like bbbSystemException
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/SearchStoreDroplet.java:110:	Avoid excessively long variable names like bbbBusinessException
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/SearchStoreDroplet.java:129:	Local variable 'radiusParam' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/SearchStoreDroplet.java:133:	Avoid concatenating nonliterals in a StringBuffer/StringBuilder constructor or append().
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/SearchStoreDroplet.java:136:	Local variable 'isSuggestion' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/SearchStoreDroplet.java:138:	Local variable 'address' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/SearchStoreDroplet.java:139:	Local variable 'city' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/SearchStoreDroplet.java:140:	Local variable 'stateCode' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/SearchStoreDroplet.java:147:	Avoid excessively long variable names like objStoreDetailsWrapper
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/SearchStoreDroplet.java:149:	Local variable 'storeId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/SearchStoreDroplet.java:150:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/SearchStoreDroplet.java:156:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/SearchStoreDroplet.java:159:	Local variable 'storeVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/SearchStoreDroplet.java:178:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/SearchStoreDroplet.java:190:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/SearchStoreDroplet.java:194:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/SearchStoreDroplet.java:210:	Local variable 'pageSize' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/SearchStoreDroplet.java:220:	Local variable 'inputSearchString' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/SearchStoreDroplet.java:221:	Local variable 'inputType' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/SearchStoreDroplet.java:226:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/SearchStoreDroplet.java:227:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/SearchStoreDroplet.java:239:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/SearchStoreDroplet.java:279:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pSearchStoreManager
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/SearchStoreDroplet.java:279:	Parameter 'pSearchStoreManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/SearchStoreDroplet.java:294:	Parameter 'pMapQuestTable' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/SearchStoreDroplet.java:304:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'configValue' (lines '304'-'308').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/SearchStoreDroplet.java:305:	Local variable 'keysList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/SearchStoreDroplet.java:306:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0) with calls to isEmpty()
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/SearchStoreDroplet.java:325:	Parameter 'pStaticMapSize' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/SearchStoreDroplet.java:340:	Parameter 'staticMapZoom' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/SearchStoreDroplet.java:354:	Parameter 'pRadius' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/SearchStoreDroplet.java:367:	Parameter 'pCatalogTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/StateDroplet.java:39:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SHOW_MILITARY_STATES
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/StateDroplet.java:52:	Parameter 'pSurveyManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/StateDroplet.java:67:	Parameter 'pRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/StateDroplet.java:68:	Parameter 'pResponse' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/StateDroplet.java:78:	Avoid excessively long variable names like showMilitaryStates
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/StateDroplet.java:78:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'showMilitaryStates' (lines '78'-'81').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/droplet/StateDroplet.java:83:	Local variable 'states' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BabyBookFormHandler.java:13:	A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BabyBookFormHandler.java:53:	The class 'BabyBookFormHandler' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 2 (Highest = 13).
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BabyBookFormHandler.java:53:	This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BabyBookFormHandler.java:53:	Too many fields
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BabyBookFormHandler.java:55:	This final field could be made static
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BabyBookFormHandler.java:62:	Avoid excessively long variable names like lblTxtTemplateManager
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BabyBookFormHandler.java:65:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mBabyBookSuccessURL
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BabyBookFormHandler.java:80:	Parameter 'pProfile' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BabyBookFormHandler.java:99:	Parameter 'contextPathFlag' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BabyBookFormHandler.java:113:	Parameter 'pTemplateUrl' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BabyBookFormHandler.java:127:	Parameter 'pEmailSender' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BabyBookFormHandler.java:141:	Parameter 'pEmailInfo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BabyBookFormHandler.java:156:	Parameter 'pBabyBookErrorURL' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BabyBookFormHandler.java:171:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pBabyBookSuccessURL
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BabyBookFormHandler.java:171:	Parameter 'pBabyBookSuccessURL' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BabyBookFormHandler.java:179:	Parameter 'pBabyBookVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BabyBookFormHandler.java:194:	Parameter 'pBabyBookManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BabyBookFormHandler.java:209:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pLblTxtTemplateManager
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BabyBookFormHandler.java:209:	Parameter 'pLblTxtTemplateManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BabyBookFormHandler.java:224:	Parameter 'pSuccessMessage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BabyBookFormHandler.java:239:	Parameter 'pSiteContext' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BabyBookFormHandler.java:250:	Avoid excessively long variable names like errorPlaceHolderMap
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BabyBookFormHandler.java:250:	Avoid unused method parameters such as 'pResponse'.
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BabyBookFormHandler.java:250:	Parameter 'errorPlaceHolderMap' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BabyBookFormHandler.java:250:	Parameter 'pRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BabyBookFormHandler.java:250:	Parameter 'pResponse' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BabyBookFormHandler.java:254:	The String literal "fieldName" appears 15 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 254
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BabyBookFormHandler.java:271:	Avoid excessively long variable names like errorPlaceHolderMap
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BabyBookFormHandler.java:271:	Avoid unused method parameters such as 'pResponse'.
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BabyBookFormHandler.java:271:	Parameter 'errorPlaceHolderMap' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BabyBookFormHandler.java:271:	Parameter 'pRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BabyBookFormHandler.java:271:	Parameter 'pResponse' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BabyBookFormHandler.java:271:	The method 'emptyChkValidation' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 13.
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BabyBookFormHandler.java:271:	The method emptyChkValidation() has an NPath complexity of 1296
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BabyBookFormHandler.java:280:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BabyBookFormHandler.java:308:	Local variable 'format' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BabyBookFormHandler.java:310:	Local variable 'eventDate' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BabyBookFormHandler.java:311:	Local variable 'date' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BabyBookFormHandler.java:316:	The String literal "err_bridalbook_event_date_invalid" appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 316
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BabyBookFormHandler.java:327:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BabyBookFormHandler.java:343:	Avoid excessively long variable names like errorPlaceHolderMap
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BabyBookFormHandler.java:343:	Avoid unused method parameters such as 'pResponse'.
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BabyBookFormHandler.java:343:	Parameter 'errorPlaceHolderMap' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BabyBookFormHandler.java:343:	Parameter 'pRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BabyBookFormHandler.java:343:	Parameter 'pResponse' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BabyBookFormHandler.java:369:	Avoid excessively long variable names like errorPlaceHolderMap
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BabyBookFormHandler.java:369:	Avoid unused method parameters such as 'pResponse'.
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BabyBookFormHandler.java:369:	Parameter 'errorPlaceHolderMap' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BabyBookFormHandler.java:369:	Parameter 'pRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BabyBookFormHandler.java:369:	Parameter 'pResponse' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BabyBookFormHandler.java:416:	Avoid excessively long variable names like errorPlaceHolderMap
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BabyBookFormHandler.java:416:	Avoid unused method parameters such as 'pResponse'.
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BabyBookFormHandler.java:416:	Parameter 'errorPlaceHolderMap' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BabyBookFormHandler.java:416:	Parameter 'pRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BabyBookFormHandler.java:416:	Parameter 'pResponse' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BabyBookFormHandler.java:445:	Parameter 'pRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BabyBookFormHandler.java:445:	Parameter 'pResponse' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BabyBookFormHandler.java:449:	Avoid excessively long variable names like errorPlaceHolderMap
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BabyBookFormHandler.java:449:	Local variable 'errorPlaceHolderMap' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BabyBookFormHandler.java:467:	Parameter 'pRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BabyBookFormHandler.java:467:	Parameter 'pResponse' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BabyBookFormHandler.java:485:	Parameter 'pRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BabyBookFormHandler.java:485:	Parameter 'pResponse' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BabyBookFormHandler.java:485:	The method 'handleBabyBookRequest' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 12.
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BabyBookFormHandler.java:493:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'siteId' (lines '493'-'526').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BabyBookFormHandler.java:494:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BabyBookFormHandler.java:510:	The String literal "err_subscription_tibco_exception" appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 510
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BabyBookFormHandler.java:512:	Local variable 'errorMessage' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BabyBookFormHandler.java:534:	Local variable 'dateString' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BabyBookFormHandler.java:537:	Local variable 'dateFormat' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BabyBookFormHandler.java:538:	Local variable 'convertedDate' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BabyBookFormHandler.java:542:	Local variable 'request' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BabyBookFormHandler.java:559:	Parameter 'pRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BabyBookFormHandler.java:559:	Parameter 'pResponse' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BabyBookFormHandler.java:563:	Avoid excessively long variable names like errorPlaceHolderMap
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BabyBookFormHandler.java:563:	Local variable 'errorPlaceHolderMap' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BabyBookFormHandler.java:570:	Parameter 'pRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BabyBookFormHandler.java:570:	Parameter 'pResponse' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BabyBookFormHandler.java:582:	Parameter 'pRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BabyBookFormHandler.java:582:	Parameter 'pResponse' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BabyBookFormHandler.java:590:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'siteId' (lines '590'-'619').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BabyBookFormHandler.java:609:	Local variable 'errorMessage' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BabyBookFormHandler.java:637:	Parameter 'pBabyBookVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BabyBookFormHandler.java:657:	Parameter 'pTellAFriendVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BabyBookFormHandler.java:672:	Parameter 'pMailSubject' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BabyBookFormHandler.java:682:	Parameter 'pRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BabyBookFormHandler.java:683:	Avoid unused method parameters such as 'pResponse'.
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BabyBookFormHandler.java:683:	Parameter 'pResponse' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BabyBookFormHandler.java:700:	Local variable 'recipientList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BabyBookFormHandler.java:702:	Local variable 'babyBookId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BabyBookFormHandler.java:703:	Local variable 'pTemplateParams' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BabyBookFormHandler.java:704:	Local variable 'placeHolderMap' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BabyBookFormHandler.java:706:	Local variable 'uniqueKeyDate' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BabyBookFormHandler.java:707:	Local variable 'emailPersistId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BabyBookFormHandler.java:740:	Local variable 'emailParams' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BabyBookFormHandler.java:761:	Parameter 'pContextPath' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BabyBookFormHandler.java:778:	Parameter 'pContextAdded' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BridalBookFormHandler.java:13:	A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BridalBookFormHandler.java:51:	The class 'BridalBookFormHandler' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 2 (Highest = 11).
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BridalBookFormHandler.java:51:	This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BridalBookFormHandler.java:53:	This final field could be made static
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BridalBookFormHandler.java:54:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mBridalBookManager
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BridalBookFormHandler.java:61:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mBridalBookSuccessURL
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BridalBookFormHandler.java:62:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mBridalBookErrorURL
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BridalBookFormHandler.java:63:	Avoid excessively long variable names like lblTxtTemplateManager
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BridalBookFormHandler.java:77:	Parameter 'pProfile' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BridalBookFormHandler.java:104:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pLblTxtTemplateManager
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BridalBookFormHandler.java:104:	Parameter 'pLblTxtTemplateManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BridalBookFormHandler.java:119:	Parameter 'pSuccessMessage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BridalBookFormHandler.java:134:	Parameter 'pSiteContext' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BridalBookFormHandler.java:145:	Parameter 'pRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BridalBookFormHandler.java:146:	Avoid unused method parameters such as 'pResponse'.
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BridalBookFormHandler.java:146:	Parameter 'pResponse' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BridalBookFormHandler.java:147:	Avoid excessively long variable names like errorPlaceHolderMap
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BridalBookFormHandler.java:147:	Parameter 'errorPlaceHolderMap' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BridalBookFormHandler.java:151:	The String literal "fieldName" appears 16 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 151
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BridalBookFormHandler.java:168:	Parameter 'pRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BridalBookFormHandler.java:168:	The method 'emptyChkValidation' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BridalBookFormHandler.java:168:	The method emptyChkValidation() has an NPath complexity of 432
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BridalBookFormHandler.java:169:	Avoid unused method parameters such as 'pResponse'.
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BridalBookFormHandler.java:169:	Parameter 'pResponse' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BridalBookFormHandler.java:170:	Avoid excessively long variable names like errorPlaceHolderMap
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BridalBookFormHandler.java:170:	Parameter 'errorPlaceHolderMap' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BridalBookFormHandler.java:182:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BridalBookFormHandler.java:223:	The String literal "err_bridalbook_event_date_invalid" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 223
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BridalBookFormHandler.java:229:	Local variable 'format' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BridalBookFormHandler.java:231:	Local variable 'eventDate' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BridalBookFormHandler.java:232:	Local variable 'date' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BridalBookFormHandler.java:263:	Parameter 'pRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BridalBookFormHandler.java:264:	Avoid unused method parameters such as 'pResponse'.
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BridalBookFormHandler.java:264:	Parameter 'pResponse' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BridalBookFormHandler.java:265:	Avoid excessively long variable names like errorPlaceHolderMap
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BridalBookFormHandler.java:265:	Parameter 'errorPlaceHolderMap' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BridalBookFormHandler.java:291:	Parameter 'pRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BridalBookFormHandler.java:292:	Avoid unused method parameters such as 'pResponse'.
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BridalBookFormHandler.java:292:	Parameter 'pResponse' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BridalBookFormHandler.java:293:	Avoid excessively long variable names like errorPlaceHolderMap
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BridalBookFormHandler.java:293:	Parameter 'errorPlaceHolderMap' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BridalBookFormHandler.java:348:	Parameter 'pRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BridalBookFormHandler.java:349:	Avoid unused method parameters such as 'pResponse'.
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BridalBookFormHandler.java:349:	Parameter 'pResponse' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BridalBookFormHandler.java:350:	Avoid excessively long variable names like errorPlaceHolderMap
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BridalBookFormHandler.java:350:	Parameter 'errorPlaceHolderMap' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BridalBookFormHandler.java:382:	Parameter 'pRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BridalBookFormHandler.java:383:	Parameter 'pResponse' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BridalBookFormHandler.java:388:	Avoid excessively long variable names like errorPlaceHolderMap
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BridalBookFormHandler.java:388:	Local variable 'errorPlaceHolderMap' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BridalBookFormHandler.java:394:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BridalBookFormHandler.java:408:	Local variable 'dateString' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BridalBookFormHandler.java:411:	Local variable 'dateFormat' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BridalBookFormHandler.java:430:	Parameter 'pRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BridalBookFormHandler.java:431:	Parameter 'pResponse' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BridalBookFormHandler.java:446:	Parameter 'pRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BridalBookFormHandler.java:447:	Parameter 'pResponse' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BridalBookFormHandler.java:452:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'siteId' (lines '452'-'488').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BridalBookFormHandler.java:454:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BridalBookFormHandler.java:471:	The String literal "err_subscription_tibco_exception" appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 471
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BridalBookFormHandler.java:473:	Local variable 'errorMessage' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BridalBookFormHandler.java:496:	Parameter 'pRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BridalBookFormHandler.java:497:	Parameter 'pResponse' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BridalBookFormHandler.java:498:	Avoid excessively long variable names like errorPlaceHolderMap
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BridalBookFormHandler.java:498:	Local variable 'errorPlaceHolderMap' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BridalBookFormHandler.java:512:	Parameter 'pRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BridalBookFormHandler.java:513:	Parameter 'pResponse' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BridalBookFormHandler.java:518:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'siteId' (lines '518'-'544').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BridalBookFormHandler.java:534:	Local variable 'errorMessage' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BridalBookFormHandler.java:548:	Local variable 'emailParams' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BridalBookFormHandler.java:565:	Parameter 'pRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BridalBookFormHandler.java:566:	Avoid unused method parameters such as 'pResponse'.
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BridalBookFormHandler.java:566:	Parameter 'pResponse' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BridalBookFormHandler.java:578:	Local variable 'recipientList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BridalBookFormHandler.java:580:	Local variable 'bridalBookId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BridalBookFormHandler.java:581:	Local variable 'pTemplateParams' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BridalBookFormHandler.java:582:	Local variable 'placeHolderMap' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BridalBookFormHandler.java:584:	Local variable 'uniqueKeyDate' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BridalBookFormHandler.java:585:	Local variable 'emailPersistId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BridalBookFormHandler.java:625:	Parameter 'pBridalBookVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BridalBookFormHandler.java:640:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pBridalBookSuccessURL
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BridalBookFormHandler.java:640:	Parameter 'pBridalBookSuccessURL' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BridalBookFormHandler.java:655:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pBridalBookErrorURL
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BridalBookFormHandler.java:655:	Parameter 'pBridalBookErrorURL' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BridalBookFormHandler.java:670:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pBridalBookManager
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BridalBookFormHandler.java:670:	Parameter 'pBridalBookManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BridalBookFormHandler.java:690:	Parameter 'pTellAFriendVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BridalBookFormHandler.java:705:	Parameter 'pTemplateUrl' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BridalBookFormHandler.java:720:	Parameter 'pEmailSender' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BridalBookFormHandler.java:735:	Parameter 'pEmailInfo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BridalBookFormHandler.java:750:	Parameter 'pMailSubject' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BridalBookFormHandler.java:758:	Parameter 'pContextPath' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/BridalBookFormHandler.java:775:	Parameter 'pContextAdded' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/ContactUsFormHandler.java:13:	This class has a bunch of public methods and attributes
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/ContactUsFormHandler.java:44:	The class 'ContactUsFormHandler' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 2 (Highest = 23).
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/ContactUsFormHandler.java:44:	Too many fields
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/ContactUsFormHandler.java:66:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mContactUsSuccessURL
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/ContactUsFormHandler.java:67:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mContactUsErrorURL
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/ContactUsFormHandler.java:68:	Avoid excessively long variable names like lblTxtTemplateManager
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/ContactUsFormHandler.java:69:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mRegistrationTemplateEmailInfo
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/ContactUsFormHandler.java:84:	Parameter 'pTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/ContactUsFormHandler.java:100:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pRegistrationTemplateEmailInfo
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/ContactUsFormHandler.java:100:	Parameter 'pRegistrationTemplateEmailInfo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/ContactUsFormHandler.java:116:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pLblTxtTemplateManager
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/ContactUsFormHandler.java:116:	Parameter 'pLblTxtTemplateManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/ContactUsFormHandler.java:131:	Parameter 'pSuccessMessage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/ContactUsFormHandler.java:146:	Parameter 'pPhoneExt' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/ContactUsFormHandler.java:168:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pContactUsSuccessURL
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/ContactUsFormHandler.java:168:	Parameter 'pContactUsSuccessURL' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/ContactUsFormHandler.java:176:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pContactUsErrorURL
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/ContactUsFormHandler.java:176:	Parameter 'pContactUsErrorURL' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/ContactUsFormHandler.java:219:	Parameter 'pFirstName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/ContactUsFormHandler.java:227:	Parameter 'pLastName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/ContactUsFormHandler.java:235:	Parameter 'pGender' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/ContactUsFormHandler.java:243:	Parameter 'pEmail' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/ContactUsFormHandler.java:251:	Parameter 'pPhoneNumber' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/ContactUsFormHandler.java:315:	Parameter 'pContactUsManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/ContactUsFormHandler.java:323:	Parameter 'pTimeCall' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/ContactUsFormHandler.java:331:	Parameter 'pConfirmEmail' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/ContactUsFormHandler.java:339:	Parameter 'pEmailMessage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/ContactUsFormHandler.java:347:	Parameter 'pOrderNumber' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/ContactUsFormHandler.java:355:	Parameter 'pContactType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/ContactUsFormHandler.java:363:	Parameter 'pAmPM' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/ContactUsFormHandler.java:371:	Parameter 'pSubjectCategory' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/ContactUsFormHandler.java:393:	Parameter 'pSelectedTimeZone' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/ContactUsFormHandler.java:401:	Parameter 'pSelectedTimeCall' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/ContactUsFormHandler.java:416:	Parameter 'pSiteContext' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/ContactUsFormHandler.java:444:	Parameter 'validateCaptcha' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/ContactUsFormHandler.java:458:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/ContactUsFormHandler.java:458:	Parameter 'pRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/ContactUsFormHandler.java:458:	The method 'validateRequestInfo' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 23.
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/ContactUsFormHandler.java:458:	The method validateRequestInfo() has an NPath complexity of 233280
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/ContactUsFormHandler.java:459:	Avoid unused method parameters such as 'pResponse'.
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/ContactUsFormHandler.java:459:	Parameter 'pResponse' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/ContactUsFormHandler.java:460:	Avoid excessively long variable names like errorPlaceHolderMap
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/ContactUsFormHandler.java:460:	Parameter 'errorPlaceHolderMap' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/ContactUsFormHandler.java:467:	The String literal "fieldName" appears 12 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 467
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/ContactUsFormHandler.java:600:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/ContactUsFormHandler.java:600:	Parameter 'pRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/ContactUsFormHandler.java:600:	The method 'handleRequestInfo' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 18.
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/ContactUsFormHandler.java:600:	The method handleRequestInfo() has an NPath complexity of 750001
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/ContactUsFormHandler.java:601:	Parameter 'pResponse' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/ContactUsFormHandler.java:606:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'siteId' (lines '606'-'751').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/ContactUsFormHandler.java:607:	Avoid excessively long variable names like errorPlaceHolderMap
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/ContactUsFormHandler.java:607:	Local variable 'errorPlaceHolderMap' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/ContactUsFormHandler.java:611:	Local variable 'contactUsVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/ContactUsFormHandler.java:618:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/ContactUsFormHandler.java:620:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/ContactUsFormHandler.java:621:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/ContactUsFormHandler.java:623:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/ContactUsFormHandler.java:624:	Local variable 'stringBuilder' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/ContactUsFormHandler.java:625:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/ContactUsFormHandler.java:628:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/ContactUsFormHandler.java:631:	Local variable 'date' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/ContactUsFormHandler.java:632:	Local variable 'dateformatter' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/ContactUsFormHandler.java:634:	Local variable 'pSumitDate' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/ContactUsFormHandler.java:641:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pRecipients' (lines '641'-'694').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/ContactUsFormHandler.java:641:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'pRecipients' (lines '641'-'751').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/ContactUsFormHandler.java:642:	Local variable 'pTemplateInfo' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/ContactUsFormHandler.java:645:	Local variable 'errorMessage' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/ContactUsFormHandler.java:650:	Avoid excessively long variable names like customerCareEmailAddress
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/ContactUsFormHandler.java:650:	Local variable 'customerCareEmailAddress' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/ContactUsFormHandler.java:652:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/ContactUsFormHandler.java:662:	Local variable 'pTemplateParams' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/ContactUsFormHandler.java:663:	Local variable 'placeHolderMap' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/ContactUsFormHandler.java:677:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/ContactUsFormHandler.java:704:	Local variable 'errorMessage' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/ContactUsFormHandler.java:713:	The String literal "err_profile_send_email" appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 713
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/ContactUsFormHandler.java:715:	Local variable 'errorMessage' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/ContactUsFormHandler.java:724:	Local variable 'errorMessage' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/ContactUsFormHandler.java:739:	Local variable 'errorMessage' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/ContactUsFormHandler.java:762:	Avoid unused method parameters such as 'pResponse'.
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/ContactUsFormHandler.java:763:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'success' (lines '763'-'773').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/ContactUsFormHandler.java:764:	Local variable 'sessionBean' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/ContactUsFormHandler.java:765:	Local variable 'captcha' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/ContactUsFormHandler.java:777:	Local variable 'errorMessage' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/HWRegistrationFormHandler.java:28:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.constants.BBBCoreConstants'
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/HWRegistrationFormHandler.java:28:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.constants.BBBCoreConstants'
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/HWRegistrationFormHandler.java:36:	The class 'HWRegistrationFormHandler' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 2 (Highest = 11).
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/HWRegistrationFormHandler.java:43:	Avoid excessively long variable names like lblTxtTemplateManager
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/HWRegistrationFormHandler.java:44:	Avoid excessively long variable names like hwRegistrationManager
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/HWRegistrationFormHandler.java:59:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pLblTxtTemplateManager
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/HWRegistrationFormHandler.java:59:	Parameter 'pLblTxtTemplateManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/HWRegistrationFormHandler.java:74:	Parameter 'pSuccessMessage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/HWRegistrationFormHandler.java:89:	Parameter 'pSiteContext' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/HWRegistrationFormHandler.java:100:	Parameter 'hwRegistrationVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/HWRegistrationFormHandler.java:109:	Avoid excessively long variable names like hwRegistrationManager
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/HWRegistrationFormHandler.java:109:	Parameter 'hwRegistrationManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/HWRegistrationFormHandler.java:119:	Parameter 'mHWSuccessURL' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/HWRegistrationFormHandler.java:127:	Parameter 'mHWErrorURL' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/HWRegistrationFormHandler.java:142:	Parameter 'pTemplateUrl' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/HWRegistrationFormHandler.java:150:	Parameter 'pContextPath' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/HWRegistrationFormHandler.java:167:	Parameter 'pContextAdded' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/HWRegistrationFormHandler.java:178:	Avoid excessively long variable names like errorPlaceHolderMap
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/HWRegistrationFormHandler.java:178:	Avoid unused method parameters such as 'pResponse'.
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/HWRegistrationFormHandler.java:178:	Parameter 'errorPlaceHolderMap' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/HWRegistrationFormHandler.java:178:	Parameter 'pRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/HWRegistrationFormHandler.java:178:	Parameter 'pResponse' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/HWRegistrationFormHandler.java:182:	The String literal "fieldName" appears 7 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 182
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/HWRegistrationFormHandler.java:203:	Avoid excessively long variable names like errorPlaceHolderMap
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/HWRegistrationFormHandler.java:203:	Avoid unused method parameters such as 'pResponse'.
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/HWRegistrationFormHandler.java:203:	Parameter 'errorPlaceHolderMap' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/HWRegistrationFormHandler.java:203:	Parameter 'pRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/HWRegistrationFormHandler.java:203:	Parameter 'pResponse' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/HWRegistrationFormHandler.java:203:	The method 'validateFields' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/HWRegistrationFormHandler.java:203:	The method validateFields() has an NPath complexity of 243
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/HWRegistrationFormHandler.java:247:	Parameter 'pRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/HWRegistrationFormHandler.java:247:	Parameter 'pResponse' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/HWRegistrationFormHandler.java:249:	Avoid excessively long variable names like errorPlaceHolderMap
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/HWRegistrationFormHandler.java:249:	Local variable 'errorPlaceHolderMap' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/HWRegistrationFormHandler.java:254:	Parameter 'pRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/HWRegistrationFormHandler.java:254:	Parameter 'pResponse' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/HWRegistrationFormHandler.java:265:	Parameter 'pRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/HWRegistrationFormHandler.java:265:	Parameter 'pResponse' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/HWRegistrationFormHandler.java:270:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'siteId' (lines '270'-'293').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/HWRegistrationFormHandler.java:285:	Local variable 'errorMessage' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/P2PDirectionsFormHandler.java:1:	This class has a bunch of public methods and attributes
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/P2PDirectionsFormHandler.java:47:	The class 'P2PDirectionsFormHandler' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 2 (Highest = 16).
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/P2PDirectionsFormHandler.java:47:	Too many fields
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/P2PDirectionsFormHandler.java:49:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mSearchStoreManager
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/P2PDirectionsFormHandler.java:65:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mShowDirectionsWithMaps
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/P2PDirectionsFormHandler.java:68:	Avoid excessively long variable names like lblTxtTemplateManager
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/P2PDirectionsFormHandler.java:86:	Parameter 'pSiteContext' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/P2PDirectionsFormHandler.java:98:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/P2PDirectionsFormHandler.java:99:	Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/P2PDirectionsFormHandler.java:108:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/P2PDirectionsFormHandler.java:132:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/P2PDirectionsFormHandler.java:132:	The method 'handleP2PDirections' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 16.
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/P2PDirectionsFormHandler.java:133:	Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/P2PDirectionsFormHandler.java:152:	Avoid excessively long variable names like objP2pRouteDetails
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/P2PDirectionsFormHandler.java:152:	Local variable 'objP2pRouteDetails' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/P2PDirectionsFormHandler.java:171:	The String literal "err_store_invalid_starting_point" appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 171
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/P2PDirectionsFormHandler.java:176:	Local variable 'list' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/P2PDirectionsFormHandler.java:194:	Local variable 'list' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/P2PDirectionsFormHandler.java:214:	Avoid excessively long variable names like tempRouteStartPoint
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/P2PDirectionsFormHandler.java:214:	Local variable 'tempRouteStartPoint' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/P2PDirectionsFormHandler.java:230:	Local variable 'tempRouteEndPoint' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/P2PDirectionsFormHandler.java:239:	Parameter 'pAddition' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/P2PDirectionsFormHandler.java:239:	Parameter 'pRouteString' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/P2PDirectionsFormHandler.java:242:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/P2PDirectionsFormHandler.java:248:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/P2PDirectionsFormHandler.java:249:	Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/P2PDirectionsFormHandler.java:259:	Avoid excessively long variable names like objP2pRouteDetails
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/P2PDirectionsFormHandler.java:259:	Local variable 'objP2pRouteDetails' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/P2PDirectionsFormHandler.java:299:	Parameter 'firstPart' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/P2PDirectionsFormHandler.java:299:	Parameter 'secondPart' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/P2PDirectionsFormHandler.java:300:	Local variable 'strBuild' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/P2PDirectionsFormHandler.java:301:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/P2PDirectionsFormHandler.java:334:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pSearchStoreManager
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/P2PDirectionsFormHandler.java:334:	Parameter 'pSearchStoreManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/P2PDirectionsFormHandler.java:349:	Parameter 'pSuccessURL' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/P2PDirectionsFormHandler.java:364:	Parameter 'pErrorURL' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/P2PDirectionsFormHandler.java:379:	Parameter 'pRouteStartPoint' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/P2PDirectionsFormHandler.java:394:	Parameter 'pRouteEndPoint' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/P2PDirectionsFormHandler.java:409:	Parameter 'pRouteMapOption' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/P2PDirectionsFormHandler.java:424:	Parameter 'pRouteType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/P2PDirectionsFormHandler.java:439:	Parameter 'pSeasonalRoad' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/P2PDirectionsFormHandler.java:454:	Parameter 'pHighways' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/P2PDirectionsFormHandler.java:469:	Parameter 'pTollRoad' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/P2PDirectionsFormHandler.java:484:	Parameter 'pP2pRoute' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/P2PDirectionsFormHandler.java:499:	Parameter 'pP2pRouteDetails' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/P2PDirectionsFormHandler.java:514:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pShowDirectionsWithMaps
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/P2PDirectionsFormHandler.java:514:	Parameter 'pShowDirectionsWithMaps' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/P2PDirectionsFormHandler.java:529:	Parameter 'pPostalCode' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/P2PDirectionsFormHandler.java:544:	Parameter 'pStreet' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/P2PDirectionsFormHandler.java:559:	Parameter 'pCity' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/P2PDirectionsFormHandler.java:574:	Parameter 'pState' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/P2PDirectionsFormHandler.java:589:	Parameter 'pCatalogTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/P2PDirectionsFormHandler.java:604:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pLblTxtTemplateManager
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/P2PDirectionsFormHandler.java:604:	Parameter 'pLblTxtTemplateManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/P2PDirectionsFormHandler.java:618:	Parameter 'destPostalCode' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/P2PDirectionsFormHandler.java:632:	Parameter 'destStreet' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/P2PDirectionsFormHandler.java:646:	Parameter 'destCity' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/P2PDirectionsFormHandler.java:660:	Parameter 'destState' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/P2PDirectionsFormHandler.java:674:	Parameter 'pErrorArray' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SearchStoreFormHandler.java:21:	Avoid unused imports such as 'atg.repository.RepositoryException'
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SearchStoreFormHandler.java:21:	Avoid unused imports such as 'atg.repository.RepositoryException'
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SearchStoreFormHandler.java:45:	The class 'SearchStoreFormHandler' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 2 (Highest = 14).
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SearchStoreFormHandler.java:45:	Too many fields
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SearchStoreFormHandler.java:47:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mSearchStoreManager
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SearchStoreFormHandler.java:51:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mMapQuestSearchString
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SearchStoreFormHandler.java:52:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mSearchStoreSuccessURL
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SearchStoreFormHandler.java:53:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mSearchStoreErrorURL
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SearchStoreFormHandler.java:54:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mInputSearchString
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SearchStoreFormHandler.java:58:	Avoid excessively long variable names like lblTxtTemplateManager
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SearchStoreFormHandler.java:76:	Parameter 'pMiles' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SearchStoreFormHandler.java:91:	Parameter 'pSiteContext' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SearchStoreFormHandler.java:105:	Parameter 'pManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SearchStoreFormHandler.java:119:	Parameter 'pProfile' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SearchStoreFormHandler.java:133:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SearchStoreFormHandler.java:133:	The method 'preSearchStore' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SearchStoreFormHandler.java:134:	Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SearchStoreFormHandler.java:136:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SearchStoreFormHandler.java:145:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SearchStoreFormHandler.java:156:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SearchStoreFormHandler.java:178:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SearchStoreFormHandler.java:178:	The method 'handleSearchStore' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 14.
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SearchStoreFormHandler.java:179:	Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SearchStoreFormHandler.java:186:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'strBuild' (lines '186'-'276').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SearchStoreFormHandler.java:186:	Local variable 'strBuild' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SearchStoreFormHandler.java:189:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'siteIds' (lines '189'-'191').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SearchStoreFormHandler.java:191:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'siteIds' (lines '191'-'276').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SearchStoreFormHandler.java:192:	Avoid excessively long variable names like bbbSystemException
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SearchStoreFormHandler.java:193:	The String literal "err_store_search_tech_error" appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 193
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SearchStoreFormHandler.java:200:	Avoid excessively long variable names like bbbBusinessException
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SearchStoreFormHandler.java:213:	Avoid concatenating nonliterals in a StringBuffer/StringBuilder constructor or append().
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SearchStoreFormHandler.java:216:	Avoid concatenating nonliterals in a StringBuffer/StringBuilder constructor or append().
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SearchStoreFormHandler.java:223:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SearchStoreFormHandler.java:227:	Avoid concatenating nonliterals in a StringBuffer/StringBuilder constructor or append().
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SearchStoreFormHandler.java:242:	Avoid concatenating nonliterals in a StringBuffer/StringBuilder constructor or append().
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SearchStoreFormHandler.java:248:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SearchStoreFormHandler.java:278:	Parameter 'firstPart' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SearchStoreFormHandler.java:278:	Parameter 'secondPart' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SearchStoreFormHandler.java:279:	Local variable 'strBuild' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SearchStoreFormHandler.java:301:	Parameter 'pStoreLocator' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SearchStoreFormHandler.java:316:	Parameter 'pRecordsPerPage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SearchStoreFormHandler.java:331:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pMapQuestSearchString
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SearchStoreFormHandler.java:331:	Parameter 'pMapQuestSearchString' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SearchStoreFormHandler.java:346:	Avoid excessively long variable names like searchStoreSuccessURL
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SearchStoreFormHandler.java:346:	Parameter 'searchStoreSuccessURL' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SearchStoreFormHandler.java:361:	Avoid excessively long variable names like searchStoreErrorURL
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SearchStoreFormHandler.java:361:	Parameter 'searchStoreErrorURL' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SearchStoreFormHandler.java:376:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pSearchStoreManager
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SearchStoreFormHandler.java:376:	Parameter 'pSearchStoreManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SearchStoreFormHandler.java:391:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pInputSearchString
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SearchStoreFormHandler.java:391:	Parameter 'pInputSearchString' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SearchStoreFormHandler.java:406:	Parameter 'mInputType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SearchStoreFormHandler.java:420:	Parameter 'mSearchBasedOn' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SearchStoreFormHandler.java:453:	Parameter 'pCatalogTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SearchStoreFormHandler.java:468:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pLblTxtTemplateManager
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SearchStoreFormHandler.java:468:	Parameter 'pLblTxtTemplateManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SearchStoreFormHandler.java:482:	Parameter 'pCookieAge' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SearchStoreFormHandler.java:496:	Parameter 'pRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SearchStoreFormHandler.java:497:	Parameter 'pResponse' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SearchStoreFormHandler.java:500:	Local variable 'favStoreId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SearchStoreFormHandler.java:502:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'status' (lines '502'-'508').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SearchStoreFormHandler.java:502:	Local variable 'status' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SearchStoreFormHandler.java:529:	Parameter 'mFavStoreId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SearchStoreFormHandler.java:534:	Parameter 'pRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SearchStoreFormHandler.java:535:	Parameter 'pResponse' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SearchStoreFormHandler.java:539:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'status' (lines '539'-'548').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SearchStoreFormHandler.java:546:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SubscriptionFormHandler.java:13:	This class has a bunch of public methods and attributes
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SubscriptionFormHandler.java:21:	Avoid unused imports such as 'org.apache.commons.collections.map.HashedMap'
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SubscriptionFormHandler.java:21:	Avoid unused imports such as 'org.apache.commons.collections.map.HashedMap'
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SubscriptionFormHandler.java:24:	Avoid unused imports such as 'atg.droplet.GenericFormHandler'
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SubscriptionFormHandler.java:24:	Avoid unused imports such as 'atg.droplet.GenericFormHandler'
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SubscriptionFormHandler.java:45:	Too many fields
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SubscriptionFormHandler.java:47:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mSubscriptionManager
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SubscriptionFormHandler.java:48:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mSubscriptionTools
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SubscriptionFormHandler.java:55:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mSelectedSalutation
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SubscriptionFormHandler.java:69:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mSubscriptionSuccessURL
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SubscriptionFormHandler.java:70:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mSubscriptionErrorURL
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SubscriptionFormHandler.java:71:	Avoid excessively long variable names like lblTxtTemplateManager
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SubscriptionFormHandler.java:84:	Parameter 'pErrorMap' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SubscriptionFormHandler.java:107:	Parameter 'pTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SubscriptionFormHandler.java:111:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pSubscriptionManager
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SubscriptionFormHandler.java:111:	Parameter 'pSubscriptionManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SubscriptionFormHandler.java:119:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mSubscriptionTools
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SubscriptionFormHandler.java:119:	Parameter 'mSubscriptionTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SubscriptionFormHandler.java:127:	Parameter 'pType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SubscriptionFormHandler.java:135:	Parameter 'pFrequency' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SubscriptionFormHandler.java:143:	Parameter 'mEmailAddr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SubscriptionFormHandler.java:151:	Parameter 'mConfirmEmailAddr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SubscriptionFormHandler.java:159:	Parameter 'pSalutation' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SubscriptionFormHandler.java:167:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pSelectedSalutation
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SubscriptionFormHandler.java:167:	Parameter 'pSelectedSalutation' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SubscriptionFormHandler.java:175:	Parameter 'mFirstName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SubscriptionFormHandler.java:183:	Parameter 'mLastName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SubscriptionFormHandler.java:191:	Parameter 'mAddressLine1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SubscriptionFormHandler.java:199:	Parameter 'mAddressLine2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SubscriptionFormHandler.java:207:	Parameter 'mCity' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SubscriptionFormHandler.java:215:	Parameter 'mState' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SubscriptionFormHandler.java:223:	Parameter 'mZipcode' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SubscriptionFormHandler.java:231:	Parameter 'mPhoneNumber' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SubscriptionFormHandler.java:239:	Parameter 'pMobileNumber' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SubscriptionFormHandler.java:243:	A getX() method which returns a boolean should be named isX()
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SubscriptionFormHandler.java:247:	Parameter 'pEmailOffer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SubscriptionFormHandler.java:251:	A getX() method which returns a boolean should be named isX()
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SubscriptionFormHandler.java:255:	Parameter 'pDirectMailOffer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SubscriptionFormHandler.java:259:	A getX() method which returns a boolean should be named isX()
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SubscriptionFormHandler.java:263:	Parameter 'pMobileOffer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SubscriptionFormHandler.java:271:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mSubscriptionSuccessURL
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SubscriptionFormHandler.java:271:	Parameter 'mSubscriptionSuccessURL' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SubscriptionFormHandler.java:279:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mSubscriptionErrorURL
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SubscriptionFormHandler.java:279:	Parameter 'mSubscriptionErrorURL' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SubscriptionFormHandler.java:295:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pLblTxtTemplateManager
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SubscriptionFormHandler.java:295:	Parameter 'pLblTxtTemplateManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SubscriptionFormHandler.java:310:	Parameter 'pSuccessMessage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SubscriptionFormHandler.java:325:	Parameter 'pSiteContext' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SubscriptionFormHandler.java:329:	Parameter 'pRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SubscriptionFormHandler.java:330:	Avoid unused method parameters such as 'pResponse'.
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SubscriptionFormHandler.java:330:	Parameter 'pResponse' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SubscriptionFormHandler.java:333:	The String literal "err_subscribtion_email_invalid" appears 9 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 333
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SubscriptionFormHandler.java:344:	Parameter 'pRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SubscriptionFormHandler.java:345:	Avoid unused method parameters such as 'pResponse'.
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SubscriptionFormHandler.java:345:	Parameter 'pResponse' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SubscriptionFormHandler.java:354:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SubscriptionFormHandler.java:381:	Parameter 'pRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SubscriptionFormHandler.java:382:	Avoid unused method parameters such as 'pResponse'.
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SubscriptionFormHandler.java:382:	Parameter 'pResponse' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SubscriptionFormHandler.java:409:	Parameter 'pRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SubscriptionFormHandler.java:410:	Parameter 'pResponse' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SubscriptionFormHandler.java:424:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SubscriptionFormHandler.java:430:	Parameter 'pRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SubscriptionFormHandler.java:431:	Parameter 'pResponse' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SubscriptionFormHandler.java:435:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'siteId' (lines '435'-'488').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SubscriptionFormHandler.java:437:	Local variable 'subscriptionVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SubscriptionFormHandler.java:463:	The String literal "err_subscription_tibco_exception" appears 24 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 463
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SubscriptionFormHandler.java:465:	Local variable 'errorMessage' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SubscriptionFormHandler.java:474:	Local variable 'errorMessage' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SubscriptionFormHandler.java:497:	Parameter 'pRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SubscriptionFormHandler.java:498:	Parameter 'pResponse' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SubscriptionFormHandler.java:516:	Parameter 'pRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SubscriptionFormHandler.java:517:	Parameter 'pResponse' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SubscriptionFormHandler.java:521:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'siteId' (lines '521'-'559').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SubscriptionFormHandler.java:523:	Local variable 'subscriptionVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SubscriptionFormHandler.java:539:	Local variable 'errorMessage' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SubscriptionFormHandler.java:548:	Local variable 'errorMessage' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SubscriptionFormHandler.java:568:	Parameter 'pRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SubscriptionFormHandler.java:569:	Parameter 'pResponse' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SubscriptionFormHandler.java:573:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SubscriptionFormHandler.java:593:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SubscriptionFormHandler.java:602:	Parameter 'pRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SubscriptionFormHandler.java:603:	Parameter 'pResponse' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SubscriptionFormHandler.java:607:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'siteId' (lines '607'-'653').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SubscriptionFormHandler.java:609:	Local variable 'subscriptionVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SubscriptionFormHandler.java:632:	Local variable 'errorMessage' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SubscriptionFormHandler.java:641:	Local variable 'errorMessage' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SubscriptionFormHandler.java:655:	Parameter 'pRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SubscriptionFormHandler.java:656:	Parameter 'pResponse' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SubscriptionFormHandler.java:660:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'siteId' (lines '660'-'713').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SubscriptionFormHandler.java:662:	Local variable 'subscriptionVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SubscriptionFormHandler.java:691:	Local variable 'errorMessage' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SubscriptionFormHandler.java:700:	Local variable 'errorMessage' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SurveyFormHandler.java:40:	The class 'SurveyFormHandler' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 2 (Highest = 14).
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SurveyFormHandler.java:40:	Too many fields
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SurveyFormHandler.java:62:	Avoid excessively long variable names like lblTxtTemplateManager
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SurveyFormHandler.java:78:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pLblTxtTemplateManager
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SurveyFormHandler.java:78:	Parameter 'pLblTxtTemplateManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SurveyFormHandler.java:199:	Parameter 'pSurveyManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SurveyFormHandler.java:207:	Parameter 'pAge' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SurveyFormHandler.java:215:	Parameter 'pGender' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SurveyFormHandler.java:223:	Parameter 'pEverShopped' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SurveyFormHandler.java:231:	Parameter 'pFeaturesMesssage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SurveyFormHandler.java:239:	Parameter 'pWebSiteMessage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SurveyFormHandler.java:247:	Parameter 'pOtherMessage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SurveyFormHandler.java:255:	Parameter 'pEmailRequired' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SurveyFormHandler.java:263:	Parameter 'pLocation' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SurveyFormHandler.java:271:	Parameter 'pSelectedAge' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SurveyFormHandler.java:279:	Parameter 'pSelectedGender' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SurveyFormHandler.java:287:	Parameter 'pUserName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SurveyFormHandler.java:295:	Parameter 'pEmail' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SurveyFormHandler.java:303:	Parameter 'pSuccessMessage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SurveyFormHandler.java:311:	Parameter 'pSurveySuccessURL' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SurveyFormHandler.java:319:	Parameter 'pSurveyErrorURL' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SurveyFormHandler.java:331:	Parameter 'pSiteContext' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SurveyFormHandler.java:359:	Parameter 'validateCaptcha' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SurveyFormHandler.java:373:	Parameter 'pRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SurveyFormHandler.java:373:	The method 'validateRequestInfo' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SurveyFormHandler.java:374:	Avoid unused method parameters such as 'pResponse'.
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SurveyFormHandler.java:374:	Parameter 'pResponse' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SurveyFormHandler.java:375:	Avoid excessively long variable names like errorPlaceHolderMap
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SurveyFormHandler.java:375:	Parameter 'errorPlaceHolderMap' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SurveyFormHandler.java:377:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'errorMessage' (lines '377'-'385').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SurveyFormHandler.java:377:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'errorMessage' (lines '377'-'393').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SurveyFormHandler.java:377:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'errorMessage' (lines '377'-'403').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SurveyFormHandler.java:377:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'errorMessage' (lines '377'-'413').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SurveyFormHandler.java:377:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'errorMessage' (lines '377'-'423').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SurveyFormHandler.java:377:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'errorMessage' (lines '377'-'431').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SurveyFormHandler.java:384:	The String literal "fieldName" appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 384
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SurveyFormHandler.java:386:	The String literal "err_profile_invalid" appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 386
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SurveyFormHandler.java:447:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SurveyFormHandler.java:447:	The method 'handleRequestInfo' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 14.
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SurveyFormHandler.java:447:	The method handleRequestInfo() has an NPath complexity of 29296876
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SurveyFormHandler.java:448:	Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SurveyFormHandler.java:453:	Avoid excessively long variable names like errorPlaceHolderMap
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SurveyFormHandler.java:453:	Local variable 'errorPlaceHolderMap' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SurveyFormHandler.java:460:	Local variable 'surveyVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SurveyFormHandler.java:461:	Local variable 'siteId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SurveyFormHandler.java:462:	Local variable 'date' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SurveyFormHandler.java:463:	Local variable 'dateformatter' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SurveyFormHandler.java:465:	Local variable 'sumitDate' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SurveyFormHandler.java:467:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SurveyFormHandler.java:468:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SurveyFormHandler.java:469:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SurveyFormHandler.java:471:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SurveyFormHandler.java:473:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SurveyFormHandler.java:474:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SurveyFormHandler.java:475:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SurveyFormHandler.java:476:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SurveyFormHandler.java:477:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SurveyFormHandler.java:478:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SurveyFormHandler.java:494:	Local variable 'errorMessage' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SurveyFormHandler.java:517:	Avoid unused method parameters such as 'pResponse'.
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SurveyFormHandler.java:518:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'success' (lines '518'-'528').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SurveyFormHandler.java:519:	Local variable 'sessionBean' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SurveyFormHandler.java:520:	Local variable 'captcha' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/formhandler/SurveyFormHandler.java:532:	Local variable 'errorMessage' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/manager/BabyBookManager.java:44:	Parameter 'pBabyBookVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/manager/BabyBookManager.java:45:	Local variable 'methodName' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/manager/BabyBookManager.java:47:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/selfservice/manager/BabyBookManager.java:73:	Local variable 'sysExc' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/manager/BabyBookManager.java:87:	Parameter 'pTellAFriendVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/manager/BabyBookManager.java:88:	Local variable 'methodName' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/manager/BabyBookManager.java:90:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/selfservice/manager/BabyBookManager.java:113:	Local variable 'sysExc' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/manager/BridalBookManager.java:45:	Parameter 'pBridalBookVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/manager/BridalBookManager.java:47:	Local variable 'methodName' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/manager/BridalBookManager.java:78:	Parameter 'pTellAFriendVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/manager/BridalBookManager.java:80:	Local variable 'methodName' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/manager/CanadaStoreLocatorManager.java:36:	Parameter 'pCatalogTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/manager/ContactUsManager.java:57:	Parameter 'pContactUsTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/manager/ContactUsManager.java:83:	Parameter 'pCatalogTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/manager/ContactUsManager.java:96:	Parameter 'pSiteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/manager/ContactUsManager.java:110:	Parameter 'pSiteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/manager/ContactUsManager.java:127:	Parameter 'pContactUsVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/manager/ContactUsManager.java:145:	Local variable 'methodName' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/manager/HWRegistrationManager.java:17:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.constants.BBBCoreConstants'
src/com/bbb/selfservice/manager/HWRegistrationManager.java:17:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.constants.BBBCoreConstants'
src/com/bbb/selfservice/manager/HWRegistrationManager.java:44:	Parameter 'hwRegistrationVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/manager/HWRegistrationManager.java:47:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/selfservice/manager/HWRegistrationManager.java:72:	Local variable 'sysExc' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/manager/SearchStoreManager.java:57:	Avoid variables with short names like TO
src/com/bbb/selfservice/manager/SearchStoreManager.java:77:	Parameter 'pObjectCache' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/manager/SearchStoreManager.java:90:	Avoid unused method parameters such as 'saveInCache'.
src/com/bbb/selfservice/manager/SearchStoreManager.java:90:	Parameter 'pSearchString' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/manager/SearchStoreManager.java:90:	Parameter 'saveInCache' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/manager/SearchStoreManager.java:93:	Avoid excessively long variable names like objStoreDetailsWrapper
src/com/bbb/selfservice/manager/SearchStoreManager.java:93:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'objStoreDetailsWrapper' (lines '93'-'96').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/manager/SearchStoreManager.java:133:	Avoid unused private methods such as 'getCachedStoreDetails(String)'.
src/com/bbb/selfservice/manager/SearchStoreManager.java:133:	Parameter 'pSearchString' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/manager/SearchStoreManager.java:134:	Avoid excessively long variable names like objStoreDetailsWrapper
src/com/bbb/selfservice/manager/SearchStoreManager.java:134:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'objStoreDetailsWrapper' (lines '134'-'137').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/manager/SearchStoreManager.java:136:	Local variable 'cacheName' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/manager/SearchStoreManager.java:156:	Parameter 'pSiteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/manager/SearchStoreManager.java:156:	Parameter 'pStoreId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/manager/SearchStoreManager.java:156:	Parameter 'pStoreType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/manager/SearchStoreManager.java:158:	Avoid excessively long variable names like searchStringBuilder
src/com/bbb/selfservice/manager/SearchStoreManager.java:158:	Local variable 'searchStringBuilder' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/manager/SearchStoreManager.java:159:	Avoid excessively long variable names like objStoreDetailsWrapper
src/com/bbb/selfservice/manager/SearchStoreManager.java:159:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'objStoreDetailsWrapper' (lines '159'-'165').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/manager/SearchStoreManager.java:160:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'objStoreDetails' (lines '160'-'169').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/manager/SearchStoreManager.java:162:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/selfservice/manager/SearchStoreManager.java:163:	Avoid concatenating nonliterals in a StringBuffer/StringBuilder constructor or append().
src/com/bbb/selfservice/manager/SearchStoreManager.java:184:	Parameter 'pSearchCriteria' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/manager/SearchStoreManager.java:185:	Parameter 'searchType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/manager/SearchStoreManager.java:186:	Avoid excessively long variable names like searchStringBuilder
src/com/bbb/selfservice/manager/SearchStoreManager.java:186:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'searchStringBuilder' (lines '186'-'202').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/manager/SearchStoreManager.java:186:	Local variable 'searchStringBuilder' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/manager/SearchStoreManager.java:187:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'searchKeyURL' (lines '187'-'191').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/manager/SearchStoreManager.java:187:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'searchKeyURL' (lines '187'-'202').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/manager/SearchStoreManager.java:188:	Avoid excessively long variable names like objStoreDetailsWrapper
src/com/bbb/selfservice/manager/SearchStoreManager.java:188:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'objStoreDetailsWrapper' (lines '188'-'198').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/manager/SearchStoreManager.java:214:	Parameter 'pSearchCriteria' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/manager/SearchStoreManager.java:214:	Parameter 'searchType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/manager/SearchStoreManager.java:216:	Avoid excessively long variable names like searchStringBuilder
src/com/bbb/selfservice/manager/SearchStoreManager.java:216:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'searchStringBuilder' (lines '216'-'231').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/manager/SearchStoreManager.java:216:	Local variable 'searchStringBuilder' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/manager/SearchStoreManager.java:217:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'searchKeyURL' (lines '217'-'220').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/manager/SearchStoreManager.java:217:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'searchKeyURL' (lines '217'-'231').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/manager/SearchStoreManager.java:218:	Avoid excessively long variable names like objStoreDetailsWrapper
src/com/bbb/selfservice/manager/SearchStoreManager.java:218:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'objStoreDetailsWrapper' (lines '218'-'227').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/manager/SearchStoreManager.java:243:	Parameter 'pPageKey' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/manager/SearchStoreManager.java:244:	Parameter 'pPageNumber' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/manager/SearchStoreManager.java:245:	Avoid excessively long variable names like searchStringBuilder
src/com/bbb/selfservice/manager/SearchStoreManager.java:245:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'searchStringBuilder' (lines '245'-'254').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/manager/SearchStoreManager.java:245:	Local variable 'searchStringBuilder' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/manager/SearchStoreManager.java:246:	Avoid excessively long variable names like objStoreDetailsWrapper
src/com/bbb/selfservice/manager/SearchStoreManager.java:246:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'objStoreDetailsWrapper' (lines '246'-'251').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/manager/SearchStoreManager.java:264:	Parameter 'pSearchType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/manager/SearchStoreManager.java:265:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'searchKeyURL' (lines '265'-'268').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/manager/SearchStoreManager.java:265:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'searchKeyURL' (lines '265'-'270').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/manager/SearchStoreManager.java:265:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'searchKeyURL' (lines '265'-'272').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/manager/SearchStoreManager.java:279:	Parameter 'pStartPoints' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/manager/SearchStoreManager.java:279:	The method getStoreDirections() has an NPath complexity of 240
src/com/bbb/selfservice/manager/SearchStoreManager.java:280:	Parameter 'isSeasonalRoad' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/manager/SearchStoreManager.java:280:	Parameter 'pEndPoints' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/manager/SearchStoreManager.java:280:	Parameter 'pRouteType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/manager/SearchStoreManager.java:281:	Parameter 'isHighWays' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/manager/SearchStoreManager.java:281:	Parameter 'isTollRoad' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/manager/SearchStoreManager.java:282:	Avoid excessively long variable names like p2pDirectionsString
src/com/bbb/selfservice/manager/SearchStoreManager.java:282:	Local variable 'p2pDirectionsString' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/manager/SearchStoreManager.java:283:	Avoid excessively long variable names like objP2PRouteDetails
src/com/bbb/selfservice/manager/SearchStoreManager.java:283:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'objP2PRouteDetails' (lines '283'-'305').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/manager/SearchStoreManager.java:288:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/selfservice/manager/SearchStoreManager.java:308:	Local variable 'strRouteMap' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/manager/SearchStoreManager.java:313:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/selfservice/manager/SearchStoreManager.java:317:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/com/bbb/selfservice/manager/SearchStoreManager.java:354:	Parameter 'pStoreTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/manager/SearchStoreManager.java:365:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'configValue' (lines '365'-'369').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/manager/SearchStoreManager.java:366:	Local variable 'keysList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/manager/SearchStoreManager.java:366:	The String literal "ThirdPartyURLs" appears 7 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 366
src/com/bbb/selfservice/manager/SearchStoreManager.java:367:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0) with calls to isEmpty()
src/com/bbb/selfservice/manager/SearchStoreManager.java:381:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'configValue' (lines '381'-'385').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/manager/SearchStoreManager.java:382:	Local variable 'keysList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/manager/SearchStoreManager.java:383:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0) with calls to isEmpty()
src/com/bbb/selfservice/manager/SearchStoreManager.java:397:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'configValue' (lines '397'-'401').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/manager/SearchStoreManager.java:398:	Local variable 'keysList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/manager/SearchStoreManager.java:399:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0) with calls to isEmpty()
src/com/bbb/selfservice/manager/SearchStoreManager.java:413:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'configValue' (lines '413'-'417').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/manager/SearchStoreManager.java:414:	Local variable 'keysList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/manager/SearchStoreManager.java:415:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0) with calls to isEmpty()
src/com/bbb/selfservice/manager/SearchStoreManager.java:429:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'configValue' (lines '429'-'433').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/manager/SearchStoreManager.java:430:	Local variable 'keysList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/manager/SearchStoreManager.java:431:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0) with calls to isEmpty()
src/com/bbb/selfservice/manager/SearchStoreManager.java:450:	Parameter 'pPageSize' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/manager/SearchStoreManager.java:460:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'configValue' (lines '460'-'464').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/manager/SearchStoreManager.java:461:	Local variable 'keysList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/manager/SearchStoreManager.java:462:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0) with calls to isEmpty()
src/com/bbb/selfservice/manager/SearchStoreManager.java:481:	Parameter 'pStaticMapZoom' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/manager/SearchStoreManager.java:491:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'configValue' (lines '491'-'495').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/manager/SearchStoreManager.java:492:	Local variable 'keysList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/manager/SearchStoreManager.java:493:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0) with calls to isEmpty()
src/com/bbb/selfservice/manager/SearchStoreManager.java:511:	Parameter 'pStaticMapSize' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/manager/SearchStoreManager.java:525:	Parameter 'pCatalogTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/manager/SearchStoreManager.java:538:	Parameter 'pSiteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/manager/SearchStoreManager.java:540:	Local variable 'siteIds' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/manager/SubscriptionManager.java:41:	Parameter 'pSubscriptionVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/manager/SubscriptionManager.java:63:	Local variable 'methodName' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/manager/SurveyManager.java:55:	Parameter 'pCatalogTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/manager/SurveyManager.java:66:	Avoid excessively long variable names like showMilitaryStates
src/com/bbb/selfservice/manager/SurveyManager.java:66:	Parameter 'pSiteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/manager/SurveyManager.java:66:	Parameter 'showMilitaryStates' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/manager/SurveyManager.java:80:	Parameter 'pSurveyVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/manager/SurveyManager.java:85:	Local variable 'methodName' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/api/BabyBookMsgMarshaller.java:61:	Parameter 'pMessage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/api/BabyBookMsgMarshaller.java:61:	Parameter 'pReqVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/api/BabyBookMsgMarshaller.java:64:	Local variable 'BabyBookVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/api/BabyBookMsgMarshaller.java:64:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'BabyBookVO' starts with uppercase character.
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/api/BabyBookMsgMarshaller.java:65:	Local variable 'BabyBook' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/api/BabyBookMsgMarshaller.java:65:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'BabyBook' starts with uppercase character.
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/api/BabyBookMsgMarshaller.java:86:	Avoid variables with short names like gc
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/api/BabyBookMsgMarshaller.java:86:	Local variable 'gc' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/api/BabyBookMsgMarshaller.java:100:	Local variable 'mainContact' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/api/BabyBookMsgMarshaller.java:106:	Local variable 'context' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/api/BabyBookMsgMarshaller.java:107:	Local variable 'marshaller' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/api/BabyBookMsgMarshaller.java:111:	Local variable 'contactUSXml' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/api/BabyBookMsgMarshaller.java:112:	Local variable 'txtMessage' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/api/BabyBookMsgMarshaller.java:127:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/api/BridalBookMsgMarshaller.java:31:	Parameter 'pMessage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/api/BridalBookMsgMarshaller.java:31:	Parameter 'pReqVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/api/BridalBookMsgMarshaller.java:34:	Local variable 'bridalBookVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/api/BridalBookMsgMarshaller.java:35:	Local variable 'bridalBook' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/api/BridalBookMsgMarshaller.java:57:	Avoid variables with short names like gc
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/api/BridalBookMsgMarshaller.java:57:	Local variable 'gc' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/api/BridalBookMsgMarshaller.java:71:	Local variable 'mainContact' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/api/BridalBookMsgMarshaller.java:77:	Local variable 'context' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/api/BridalBookMsgMarshaller.java:78:	Local variable 'marshaller' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/api/BridalBookMsgMarshaller.java:82:	Local variable 'contactUSXml' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/api/BridalBookMsgMarshaller.java:83:	Local variable 'txtMessage' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/api/BridalBookMsgMarshaller.java:98:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/api/ContactUSMsgMarshaller.java:29:	Parameter 'pMessage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/api/ContactUSMsgMarshaller.java:29:	Parameter 'pReqVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/api/ContactUSMsgMarshaller.java:32:	Local variable 'contactUsVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/api/ContactUSMsgMarshaller.java:34:	Local variable 'contactus' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/api/ContactUSMsgMarshaller.java:51:	Local variable 'mainContact' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/api/ContactUSMsgMarshaller.java:53:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'stringWriter' (lines '53'-'56').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/api/ContactUSMsgMarshaller.java:57:	Local variable 'context' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/api/ContactUSMsgMarshaller.java:58:	Local variable 'marshaller' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/api/ContactUSMsgMarshaller.java:61:	Local variable 'contactUSXml' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/api/ContactUSMsgMarshaller.java:62:	Local variable 'txtMessage' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/api/ContactUSMsgMarshaller.java:74:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/api/HWRegistrationMsgMarshaller.java:18:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.List'
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/api/HWRegistrationMsgMarshaller.java:18:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.List'
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/api/HWRegistrationMsgMarshaller.java:31:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.account.baby.Main'
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/api/HWRegistrationMsgMarshaller.java:31:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.account.baby.Main'
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/api/HWRegistrationMsgMarshaller.java:32:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.commerce.catalog.BBBCatalogErrorCodes'
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/api/HWRegistrationMsgMarshaller.java:32:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.commerce.catalog.BBBCatalogErrorCodes'
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/api/HWRegistrationMsgMarshaller.java:37:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.framework.jaxb.bazaarvoice.catalogfeed.FeedType'
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/api/HWRegistrationMsgMarshaller.java:37:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.framework.jaxb.bazaarvoice.catalogfeed.FeedType'
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/api/HWRegistrationMsgMarshaller.java:43:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.logging.LogMessageFormatter'
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/api/HWRegistrationMsgMarshaller.java:43:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.logging.LogMessageFormatter'
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/api/HWRegistrationMsgMarshaller.java:54:	The class 'HWRegistrationMsgMarshaller' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 14 (Highest = 13).
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/api/HWRegistrationMsgMarshaller.java:68:	Parameter 'pMessage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/api/HWRegistrationMsgMarshaller.java:68:	Parameter 'pReqVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/api/HWRegistrationMsgMarshaller.java:68:	The method 'marshall' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 13.
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/api/HWRegistrationMsgMarshaller.java:68:	The method marshall() has an NPath complexity of 1536
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/api/HWRegistrationMsgMarshaller.java:71:	Local variable 'hwRegistrationVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/api/HWRegistrationMsgMarshaller.java:75:	Local variable 'hwType' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/api/HWRegistrationMsgMarshaller.java:80:	Avoid variables with short names like gc
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/api/HWRegistrationMsgMarshaller.java:80:	Local variable 'gc' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/api/HWRegistrationMsgMarshaller.java:86:	Local variable 'person' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/api/HWRegistrationMsgMarshaller.java:95:	Local variable 'address' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/api/HWRegistrationMsgMarshaller.java:121:	Local variable 'txtMessage' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/api/HWRegistrationMsgMarshaller.java:131:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/api/InventoryDecrementMsgMarshaller.java:25:	Perhaps 'context' could be replaced by a local variable.
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/api/InventoryDecrementMsgMarshaller.java:32:	Local variable 'marshaller' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/api/InventoryDecrementMsgMarshaller.java:49:	Parameter 'pReqVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/api/InventoryDecrementMsgMarshaller.java:50:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'xmlMessage' (lines '50'-'69').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/api/InventoryDecrementMsgMarshaller.java:51:	Avoid excessively long variable names like inventoryDecrementVO
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/api/InventoryDecrementMsgMarshaller.java:51:	Local variable 'inventoryDecrementVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/api/InventoryDecrementMsgMarshaller.java:52:	Local variable 'inventoryVOs' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/api/InventoryDecrementMsgMarshaller.java:53:	Local variable 'objectFactory' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/api/InventoryDecrementMsgMarshaller.java:54:	Avoid excessively long variable names like inventoryDecrement
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/api/InventoryDecrementMsgMarshaller.java:54:	Local variable 'inventoryDecrement' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/api/InventoryDecrementMsgMarshaller.java:55:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0) with calls to isEmpty()
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/api/InventoryDecrementMsgMarshaller.java:57:	Local variable 'sku' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/api/InventoryDecrementMsgMarshaller.java:65:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'stringWriter' (lines '65'-'67').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/api/InventoryDecrementMsgMarshaller.java:69:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'xmlMessage' (lines '69'-'91').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/api/InventoryDecrementMsgMarshaller.java:86:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/api/SubscriptionMsgMarshaller.java:28:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.utils.BBBUtility'
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/api/SubscriptionMsgMarshaller.java:28:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.utils.BBBUtility'
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/api/SubscriptionMsgMarshaller.java:31:	The class 'SubscriptionMsgMarshaller' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 11 (Highest = 10).
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/api/SubscriptionMsgMarshaller.java:37:	Parameter 'pMessage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/api/SubscriptionMsgMarshaller.java:37:	Parameter 'pReqVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/api/SubscriptionMsgMarshaller.java:37:	The method 'marshall' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/api/SubscriptionMsgMarshaller.java:40:	Local variable 'subscriptionVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/api/SubscriptionMsgMarshaller.java:41:	Local variable 'subscription' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/api/SubscriptionMsgMarshaller.java:73:	Avoid excessively long variable names like xmlGregorianCalendar
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/api/SubscriptionMsgMarshaller.java:83:	Local variable 'mainContact' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/api/SubscriptionMsgMarshaller.java:89:	Local variable 'context' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/api/SubscriptionMsgMarshaller.java:90:	Local variable 'marshaller' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/api/SubscriptionMsgMarshaller.java:93:	Local variable 'contactUSXml' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/api/SubscriptionMsgMarshaller.java:94:	Local variable 'txtMessage' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/api/SubscriptionMsgMarshaller.java:106:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/api/SurveyMsgMarshaller.java:33:	Parameter 'pMessage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/api/SurveyMsgMarshaller.java:33:	Parameter 'pReqVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/api/SurveyMsgMarshaller.java:36:	Local variable 'surveyVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/api/SurveyMsgMarshaller.java:38:	Local variable 'survey' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/api/SurveyMsgMarshaller.java:53:	Local variable 'mainSurvey' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/api/SurveyMsgMarshaller.java:55:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'stringWriter' (lines '55'-'60').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/api/SurveyMsgMarshaller.java:61:	Local variable 'context' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/api/SurveyMsgMarshaller.java:62:	Local variable 'marshaller' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/api/SurveyMsgMarshaller.java:66:	Local variable 'surveyXml' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/api/SurveyMsgMarshaller.java:67:	Local variable 'txtMessage' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/api/SurveyMsgMarshaller.java:79:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/api/TellAFriendMsgMarshaller.java:31:	Parameter 'pMessage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/api/TellAFriendMsgMarshaller.java:31:	Parameter 'pReqVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/api/TellAFriendMsgMarshaller.java:34:	Local variable 'tellAFriendVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/api/TellAFriendMsgMarshaller.java:35:	Local variable 'sender' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/api/TellAFriendMsgMarshaller.java:36:	Local variable 'recipient' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/api/TellAFriendMsgMarshaller.java:38:	Local variable 'mainContact' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/api/TellAFriendMsgMarshaller.java:54:	Avoid excessively long variable names like xmlGregorianCalendar
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/api/TellAFriendMsgMarshaller.java:67:	Local variable 'context' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/api/TellAFriendMsgMarshaller.java:68:	Local variable 'marshaller' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/api/TellAFriendMsgMarshaller.java:72:	Local variable 'contactUSXml' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/api/TellAFriendMsgMarshaller.java:73:	Local variable 'txtMessage' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/api/TellAFriendMsgMarshaller.java:87:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/vo/ActivateBigBlueVO.java:15:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.Date'
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/vo/ActivateBigBlueVO.java:15:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.Date'
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/vo/ActivateBigBlueVO.java:47:	Parameter 'mOfferCd' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/vo/ActivateBigBlueVO.java:54:	Parameter 'pEmailAddr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/vo/ActivateBigBlueVO.java:61:	Parameter 'mMobilePhone' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/vo/ActivateBigBlueVO.java:68:	Parameter 'mPromoEmailFlag' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/vo/ActivateBigBlueVO.java:75:	Parameter 'mPromoMobileFlag' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/vo/ActivateBigBlueVO.java:89:	Parameter 'pType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/vo/ActivateBigBlueVO.java:96:	Parameter 'pSiteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/vo/BabyBookVO.java:60:	Parameter 'dateAsString' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/vo/BabyBookVO.java:72:	Parameter 'pSubmitDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/vo/BabyBookVO.java:78:	Parameter 'pType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/vo/BabyBookVO.java:85:	Parameter 'pEmailAddr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/vo/BabyBookVO.java:91:	Parameter 'pFirstName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/vo/BabyBookVO.java:97:	Parameter 'pLastName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/vo/BabyBookVO.java:103:	Parameter 'pAddressLine1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/vo/BabyBookVO.java:109:	Parameter 'pAddressLine2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/vo/BabyBookVO.java:115:	Parameter 'pCity' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/vo/BabyBookVO.java:121:	Parameter 'pState' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/vo/BabyBookVO.java:127:	Parameter 'pZipcode' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/vo/BabyBookVO.java:133:	Parameter 'pPhoneNumber' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/vo/BabyBookVO.java:137:	A getX() method which returns a boolean should be named isX()
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/vo/BabyBookVO.java:140:	Parameter 'pEmailOffer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/vo/BabyBookVO.java:152:	Parameter 'pSiteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/vo/BabyBookVO.java:181:	Parameter 'pEventDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/vo/BridalBookVO.java:58:	Parameter 'dateAsString' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/vo/BridalBookVO.java:64:	Parameter 'pType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/vo/BridalBookVO.java:71:	Parameter 'pEmailAddr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/vo/BridalBookVO.java:77:	Parameter 'pFirstName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/vo/BridalBookVO.java:83:	Parameter 'pLastName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/vo/BridalBookVO.java:89:	Parameter 'pAddressLine1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/vo/BridalBookVO.java:95:	Parameter 'pAddressLine2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/vo/BridalBookVO.java:101:	Parameter 'pCity' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/vo/BridalBookVO.java:107:	Parameter 'pState' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/vo/BridalBookVO.java:113:	Parameter 'pZipcode' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/vo/BridalBookVO.java:119:	Parameter 'pPhoneNumber' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/vo/BridalBookVO.java:123:	A getX() method which returns a boolean should be named isX()
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/vo/BridalBookVO.java:126:	Parameter 'pEmailOffer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/vo/BridalBookVO.java:138:	Parameter 'pSiteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/vo/BridalBookVO.java:167:	Parameter 'pEventDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/vo/ContactUsVO.java:123:	Parameter 'pEmailMessage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/vo/ContactUsVO.java:129:	Parameter 'pOrderNumber' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/vo/ContactUsVO.java:135:	Parameter 'pContactType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/vo/ContactUsVO.java:141:	Parameter 'pSubjectCategory' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/vo/ContactUsVO.java:147:	Parameter 'pTimeZone' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/vo/ContactUsVO.java:153:	Parameter 'pTimeCall' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/vo/ContactUsVO.java:159:	Parameter 'pFirstName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/vo/ContactUsVO.java:165:	Parameter 'pLastName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/vo/ContactUsVO.java:171:	Parameter 'pGender' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/vo/ContactUsVO.java:177:	Parameter 'pEmail' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/vo/ContactUsVO.java:183:	Parameter 'pPhoneNumber' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/vo/ContactUsVO.java:189:	Parameter 'pPhoneExt' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/vo/ContactUsVO.java:203:	Parameter 'pSubmitDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/vo/ContactUsVO.java:215:	Parameter 'pSiteFlag' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/vo/HWRegistrationVO.java:57:	Parameter 'pSubmitDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/vo/HWRegistrationVO.java:63:	Parameter 'pType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/vo/HWRegistrationVO.java:70:	Parameter 'pEmailAddr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/vo/HWRegistrationVO.java:76:	Parameter 'pFirstName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/vo/HWRegistrationVO.java:82:	Parameter 'pLastName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/vo/HWRegistrationVO.java:88:	Parameter 'pAddressLine1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/vo/HWRegistrationVO.java:94:	Parameter 'pAddressLine2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/vo/HWRegistrationVO.java:100:	Parameter 'pCity' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/vo/HWRegistrationVO.java:106:	Parameter 'pState' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/vo/HWRegistrationVO.java:112:	Parameter 'pZipcode' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/vo/HWRegistrationVO.java:116:	A getX() method which returns a boolean should be named isX()
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/vo/HWRegistrationVO.java:119:	Parameter 'pEmailOffer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/vo/HWRegistrationVO.java:131:	Parameter 'pSiteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/vo/SubscriptionVO.java:21:	Too many fields
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/vo/SubscriptionVO.java:58:	Parameter 'pType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/vo/SubscriptionVO.java:65:	Parameter 'pFrequency' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/vo/SubscriptionVO.java:71:	Parameter 'pEmailAddr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/vo/SubscriptionVO.java:77:	Parameter 'pConfirmEmailAddr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/vo/SubscriptionVO.java:83:	Parameter 'pSalutation' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/vo/SubscriptionVO.java:89:	Parameter 'pFirstName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/vo/SubscriptionVO.java:95:	Parameter 'pLastName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/vo/SubscriptionVO.java:101:	Parameter 'pAddressLine1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/vo/SubscriptionVO.java:107:	Parameter 'pAddressLine2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/vo/SubscriptionVO.java:113:	Parameter 'pCity' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/vo/SubscriptionVO.java:119:	Parameter 'pState' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/vo/SubscriptionVO.java:125:	Parameter 'pZipcode' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/vo/SubscriptionVO.java:131:	Parameter 'pPhoneNumber' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/vo/SubscriptionVO.java:137:	Parameter 'pMobileNumber' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/vo/SubscriptionVO.java:140:	A getX() method which returns a boolean should be named isX()
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/vo/SubscriptionVO.java:143:	Parameter 'pEmailOffer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/vo/SubscriptionVO.java:146:	A getX() method which returns a boolean should be named isX()
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/vo/SubscriptionVO.java:149:	Parameter 'pDirectMailOffer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/vo/SubscriptionVO.java:152:	A getX() method which returns a boolean should be named isX()
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/vo/SubscriptionVO.java:155:	Parameter 'pMobileOffer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/vo/SubscriptionVO.java:167:	Parameter 'pSiteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/vo/SurveyVO.java:118:	Parameter 'pSubmitDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/vo/SurveyVO.java:124:	Parameter 'pUserName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/vo/SurveyVO.java:130:	Parameter 'pEmailAddress' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/vo/SurveyVO.java:136:	Parameter 'pSendEmail' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/vo/SurveyVO.java:142:	Parameter 'pShoppedAtBefore' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/vo/SurveyVO.java:148:	Parameter 'pFeatures' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/vo/SurveyVO.java:154:	Parameter 'pFavorite' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/vo/SurveyVO.java:160:	Parameter 'pComments' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/vo/SurveyVO.java:166:	Parameter 'pLocation' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/vo/SurveyVO.java:172:	Parameter 'pAge' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/vo/SurveyVO.java:178:	Parameter 'pGender' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/vo/SurveyVO.java:191:	Parameter 'pSiteFlag' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/vo/TellAFriendVO.java:30:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mRecipientEmailAddr
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/vo/TellAFriendVO.java:31:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mRecipientFirstName
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/vo/TellAFriendVO.java:32:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mRecipientLastName
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/vo/TellAFriendVO.java:46:	Parameter 'pType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/vo/TellAFriendVO.java:59:	Parameter 'pSiteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/vo/TellAFriendVO.java:88:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pRecipientEmailAddr
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/vo/TellAFriendVO.java:88:	Parameter 'pRecipientEmailAddr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/vo/TellAFriendVO.java:100:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pRecipientFirstName
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/vo/TellAFriendVO.java:100:	Parameter 'pRecipientFirstName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/vo/TellAFriendVO.java:112:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pRecipientLastName
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/vo/TellAFriendVO.java:112:	Parameter 'pRecipientLastName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/vo/TellAFriendVO.java:124:	Parameter 'pSenderEmailAddr' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/vo/TellAFriendVO.java:136:	Parameter 'pSenderFirstName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/vo/TellAFriendVO.java:148:	Parameter 'pSenderLastName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tibco/vo/TellAFriendVO.java:160:	Parameter 'pEmailCopy' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/ContactUsTools.java:44:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mContactUsRepository
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/ContactUsTools.java:45:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mSendEmailInSeparateThread
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/ContactUsTools.java:47:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mTemplateEmailSender
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/ContactUsTools.java:54:	Avoid excessively long variable names like contactUsRepository
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/ContactUsTools.java:54:	Parameter 'contactUsRepository' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/ContactUsTools.java:83:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pSendEmailInSeparateThread
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/ContactUsTools.java:83:	Parameter 'pSendEmailInSeparateThread' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/ContactUsTools.java:90:	Parameter 'pPersistEmails' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/ContactUsTools.java:97:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pTemplateEmailSender
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/ContactUsTools.java:97:	Parameter 'pTemplateEmailSender' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/ContactUsTools.java:112:	Parameter 'pSiteContext' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/ContactUsTools.java:125:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'items' (lines '125'-'133').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/ContactUsTools.java:128:	Local variable 'view' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/ContactUsTools.java:129:	Local variable 'queryBuilder' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/ContactUsTools.java:130:	Local variable 'pProperty' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/ContactUsTools.java:131:	Local variable 'pValue' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/ContactUsTools.java:133:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'items' (lines '133'-'146').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/ContactUsTools.java:134:	Avoid excessively long variable names like eRepositoryException
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/ContactUsTools.java:157:	Parameter 'pRecipients' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/ContactUsTools.java:157:	Parameter 'pTemplateInfo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/ContactUsTools.java:162:	Avoid excessively long variable names like templateEmailException
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/MapQuestService.java:41:	Local variable 'logMessage' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/MapQuestService.java:45:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'reader' (lines '45'-'66').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/MapQuestService.java:46:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'sWsResponse' (lines '46'-'69').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/MapQuestService.java:53:	Local variable 'pipe' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/MapQuestService.java:57:	Local variable 'space' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/MapQuestService.java:64:	Local variable 'WSresponse' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/MapQuestService.java:64:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'WSresponse' starts with uppercase character.
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/MapQuestService.java:81:	Parameter 'reader' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/MapQuestService.java:82:	Local variable 'buff' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/MapQuestService.java:83:	Avoid variables with short names like i
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/MapQuestService.java:85:	Avoid variables with short names like c
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/MapQuestService.java:85:	Local variable 'c' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:1:	A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:54:	The class 'StoreTools' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 5 (Highest = 53).
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:86:	Parameter 'pSearchString' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:88:	Local variable 'logMessage' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:89:	The String literal " || " appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 89
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:92:	Avoid excessively long variable names like objStoreDetailsWrapper
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:92:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'objStoreDetailsWrapper' (lines '92'-'106').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:93:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'searchResult' (lines '93'-'99').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:96:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'searchString' (lines '96'-'97').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:118:	The String literal "unchecked" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 118
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:119:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:119:	Parameter 'pJsonResultString' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:119:	Parameter 'pRequestString' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:119:	The method 'storeJSONObjectParser' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 53.
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:119:	The method storeJSONObjectParser() has an NPath complexity of 1220617004
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:126:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'jsonObject' (lines '126'-'132').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:127:	Local variable 'alStoreDetails' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:128:	Avoid excessively long variable names like alStoreAddressSuggestions
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:128:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'alStoreAddressSuggestions' (lines '128'-'387').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:128:	Local variable 'alStoreAddressSuggestions' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:129:	Avoid excessively long variable names like objStoreDetailsWrapper
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:129:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'objStoreDetailsWrapper' (lines '129'-'335').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:133:	Local variable 'JSONResultbean' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:133:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'JSONResultbean' starts with uppercase character.
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:134:	Avoid excessively long variable names like dynaBeanProperties
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:134:	Local variable 'dynaBeanProperties' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:135:	Local variable 'statusCode' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:140:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'recordCount' (lines '140'-'173').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:141:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'totalPages' (lines '141'-'147').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:142:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'distanceUnit' (lines '142'-'156').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:143:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pageKey' (lines '143'-'161').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:144:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'currentPage' (lines '144'-'167').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:145:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'imageCode' (lines '145'-'387').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:145:	Local variable 'imageCode' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:152:	Local variable 'optionsBean' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:154:	Avoid excessively long variable names like optionsBeanProperties
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:154:	Local variable 'optionsBeanProperties' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:156:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'distanceUnit' (lines '156'-'387').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:178:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'alResults' (lines '178'-'181').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:187:	Local variable 'iterator' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:189:	Local variable 'searchResultBean' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:191:	Avoid excessively long variable names like searchResultBeanProperties
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:191:	Local variable 'searchResultBeanProperties' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:193:	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:195:	Local variable 'fieldsBean' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:197:	Avoid excessively long variable names like fieldsBeanProperties
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:197:	Local variable 'fieldsBeanProperties' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:209:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pSatStoreTimings' (lines '209'-'224').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:209:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'pSatStoreTimings' (lines '209'-'387').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:210:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pSunStoreTimings' (lines '210'-'225').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:210:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'pSunStoreTimings' (lines '210'-'387').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:211:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pWeekdaysStoreTimings
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:211:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pWeekdaysStoreTimings' (lines '211'-'223').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:211:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'pWeekdaysStoreTimings' (lines '211'-'387').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:212:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pOtherTimings1' (lines '212'-'226').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:212:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'pOtherTimings1' (lines '212'-'387').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:213:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pOtherTimings2' (lines '213'-'227').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:213:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'pOtherTimings2' (lines '213'-'387').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:221:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:221:	Local variable 'hrs' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:226:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pOtherTimings1' (lines '226'-'212').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:226:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'pOtherTimings1' (lines '226'-'387').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:227:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pOtherTimings2' (lines '227'-'213').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:227:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'pOtherTimings2' (lines '227'-'387').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:229:	Local variable 'temp' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:230:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pWeekdaysStoreTimings' (lines '230'-'211').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:230:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'pWeekdaysStoreTimings' (lines '230'-'387').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:233:	Local variable 'temp' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:234:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pSatStoreTimings' (lines '234'-'209').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:234:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'pSatStoreTimings' (lines '234'-'387').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:237:	Local variable 'temp' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:238:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pSunStoreTimings' (lines '238'-'210').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:238:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'pSunStoreTimings' (lines '238'-'387').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:244:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'contactFlag' (lines '244'-'250').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:248:	Local variable 'storeVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:250:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'contactFlag' (lines '250'-'252').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:252:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'contactFlag' (lines '252'-'254').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:260:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:274:	When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:275:	When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:278:	When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:279:	When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:282:	When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:283:	When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:286:	When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:287:	When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:290:	When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:291:	When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:304:	When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:305:	When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:310:	When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:311:	When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:323:	When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:324:	When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:327:	When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:328:	When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:344:	Local variable 'iterator' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:348:	Local variable 'iterator1' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:350:	Local variable 'searchResultBean' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:353:	Avoid excessively long variable names like searchResultBeanProperties
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:353:	Local variable 'searchResultBeanProperties' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:356:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:377:	Local variable 'errorMsg' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:393:	Parameter 'storeTimings' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:395:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'storeTime' (lines '395'-'396').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:412:	Parameter 'pDynaBean' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:414:	Local variable 'dynaClass' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:415:	Local variable 'properties' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:416:	Local variable 'propertyNames' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:418:	Local variable 'name' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:424:	Parameter 'pDirectionsString' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:426:	Local variable 'logMessage' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:430:	Avoid excessively long variable names like objP2PRouteDetails
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:430:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'objP2PRouteDetails' (lines '430'-'445').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:432:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'directionString' (lines '432'-'433').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:434:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'routeDirections' (lines '434'-'436').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:455:	Parameter 'pJsonString' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:455:	Parameter 'pRequestString' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:458:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'jsonObject' (lines '458'-'460').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:459:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'objRouteDetails' (lines '459'-'472').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:459:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'objRouteDetails' (lines '459'-'490').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:461:	Local variable 'JSONResultbean' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:461:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'JSONResultbean' starts with uppercase character.
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:462:	Avoid excessively long variable names like dynaBeanProperties
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:462:	Local variable 'dynaBeanProperties' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:463:	Local variable 'statusCode' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:469:	Local variable 'routeDetails' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:478:	Local variable 'errorMsg' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:497:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'legBean' (lines '497'-'538').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:497:	Parameter 'pRouteBean' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:497:	The method 'setRouteDetails' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 12.
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:498:	Parameter 'p2pRouteDetails' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:499:	Local variable 'routeProperties' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:500:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'tempPropetyValue' (lines '500'-'515').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:500:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'tempPropetyValue' (lines '500'-'521').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:500:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'tempPropetyValue' (lines '500'-'546').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:505:	Local variable 'distanceSplit' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:531:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'alRouteLegs' (lines '531'-'546').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:531:	Local variable 'alRouteLegs' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:532:	Local variable 'alRoutelegsBean' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:537:	Local variable 'legBean' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:538:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:548:	Parameter 'routeProperties' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:549:	Parameter 'p2pRouteDetails' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:549:	Parameter 'pRouteBean' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:550:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'tempPropetyValue' (lines '550'-'552').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:550:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'tempPropetyValue' (lines '550'-'557').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:550:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'tempPropetyValue' (lines '550'-'562').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:550:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'tempPropetyValue' (lines '550'-'566').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:550:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'tempPropetyValue' (lines '550'-'572').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:550:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'tempPropetyValue' (lines '550'-'577').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:550:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'tempPropetyValue' (lines '550'-'581').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:583:	Parameter 'pRouteBean' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:584:	Parameter 'p2pRouteDetails' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:584:	Parameter 'routeProperties' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:586:	Local variable 'alLocations' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:592:	Local variable 'startPointLoc' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:595:	Local variable 'endPointLoc' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:602:	Parameter 'p2pRouteDetails' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:603:	Parameter 'startPointLoc' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:605:	Local variable 'LocProperties' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:605:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'LocProperties' starts with uppercase character.
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:607:	Local variable 'startLatLng' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:609:	Local variable 'latlngProperties' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:624:	Parameter 'p2pRouteDetails' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:625:	Parameter 'LocProperties' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:625:	Parameter 'startPointLoc' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:625:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'LocProperties' starts with uppercase character.
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:626:	Local variable 'strStartPoint' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:632:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:640:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:650:	Parameter 'p2pRouteDetails' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:651:	Parameter 'endPointLoc' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:652:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'LocProperties' (lines '652'-'653').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:652:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'LocProperties' starts with uppercase character.
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:655:	Local variable 'endLatLng' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:657:	Local variable 'latlngProperties' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:670:	Parameter 'pTime' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:671:	Local variable 'time' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:672:	Local variable 'strHrsMin' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:673:	Local variable 'hrs' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:674:	Local variable 'minute' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:675:	Position literals first in String comparisons
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:675:	Position literals first in String comparisons
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:678:	Position literals first in String comparisons
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:678:	Position literals first in String comparisons
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:679:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:686:	Parameter 'p2pRouteLegs' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:687:	Parameter 'legsProperties' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:687:	Parameter 'pLegBean' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:694:	Parameter 'legsProperties' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:694:	Parameter 'p2pRouteLegs' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:695:	Parameter 'pLegBean' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:701:	Parameter 'p2pRouteLegs' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:702:	Parameter 'legsProperties' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:702:	Parameter 'pLegBean' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:708:	Parameter 'p2pRouteLegs' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:709:	Parameter 'legsProperties' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:709:	Parameter 'pLegBean' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:716:	Parameter 'p2pRouteLegs' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:717:	Parameter 'legsProperties' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:717:	Parameter 'pLegBean' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:724:	Parameter 'p2pRouteLegs' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:725:	Parameter 'legsProperties' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:725:	Parameter 'pLegBean' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:731:	Parameter 'p2pRouteLegs' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:732:	Parameter 'legsProperties' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:732:	Parameter 'pLegBean' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:739:	Parameter 'p2pRouteLegs' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:740:	Parameter 'legsProperties' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:740:	Parameter 'pLegBean' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:748:	Parameter 'p2pRouteLegs' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:749:	Parameter 'legsProperties' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:749:	Parameter 'pLegBean' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:760:	Parameter 'p2pRouteLegs' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:760:	Parameter 'pLegBean' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:761:	Local variable 'legsProperties' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:775:	Local variable 'maneuversList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:789:	Parameter 'pList' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:789:	The method 'setManeuvers' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:790:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'maneuversList' (lines '790'-'793').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:792:	Local variable 'maneuList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:794:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'maneuObj' (lines '794'-'796').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:796:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:796:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'maneuObj' (lines '796'-'844').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:797:	Local variable 'bean' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:798:	Avoid excessively long variable names like maneuversProperties
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:798:	Local variable 'maneuversProperties' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:828:	Local variable 'distanceSplit' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:846:	Avoid excessively long variable names like maneuversProperties
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:846:	Parameter 'maneuversProperties' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:846:	The method 'setManeuversValues' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:846:	The method setManeuversValues() has an NPath complexity of 256
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:847:	Parameter 'bean' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:847:	Parameter 'maneuObj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:882:	Parameter 'pSearchString' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:883:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'searchString' (lines '883'-'888').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:883:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'searchString' (lines '883'-'892').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:887:	Local variable 'pipe' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:888:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'searchString' (lines '888'-'892').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:891:	Local variable 'space' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/StoreTools.java:913:	Parameter 'pCatalogTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/SubscriptionTools.java:41:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mContactUsRepository
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/SubscriptionTools.java:42:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mSendEmailInSeparateThread
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/SubscriptionTools.java:44:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mTemplateEmailSender
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/SubscriptionTools.java:50:	Avoid excessively long variable names like contactUsRepository
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/SubscriptionTools.java:50:	Parameter 'contactUsRepository' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/SubscriptionTools.java:79:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pSendEmailInSeparateThread
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/SubscriptionTools.java:79:	Parameter 'pSendEmailInSeparateThread' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/SubscriptionTools.java:86:	Parameter 'pPersistEmails' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/SubscriptionTools.java:93:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pTemplateEmailSender
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/SubscriptionTools.java:93:	Parameter 'pTemplateEmailSender' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/SubscriptionTools.java:106:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'items' (lines '106'-'110').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/SubscriptionTools.java:108:	Local variable 'view' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/SubscriptionTools.java:109:	Local variable 'rql' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/SubscriptionTools.java:110:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'items' (lines '110'-'123').
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/SubscriptionTools.java:111:	Avoid excessively long variable names like eRepositoryException
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/SubscriptionTools.java:134:	Parameter 'pRecipients' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/SubscriptionTools.java:134:	Parameter 'pTemplateInfo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/selfservice/tools/SubscriptionTools.java:139:	Avoid excessively long variable names like templateEmailException
src/com/bbb/seo/CategorySeoLinkGenerator.java:14:	Avoid excessively long variable names like defaultItemDescriptorName
src/com/bbb/seo/CategorySeoLinkGenerator.java:20:	Parameter 'categoryTemplate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/seo/CategorySeoLinkGenerator.java:28:	Parameter 'defaultRepository' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/seo/CategorySeoLinkGenerator.java:36:	Avoid excessively long variable names like defaultItemDescriptorName
src/com/bbb/seo/CategorySeoLinkGenerator.java:36:	Parameter 'defaultItemDescriptorName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/seo/CategorySeoLinkGenerator.java:40:	Parameter 'categoryId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/seo/CategorySeoLinkGenerator.java:40:	Parameter 'displayName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/seo/CategorySeoLinkGenerator.java:41:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'formattedURL' (lines '41'-'52').
src/com/bbb/seo/CategorySeoLinkGenerator.java:47:	Local variable 'pDefaultWebApp' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/seo/CategorySeoLinkGenerator.java:48:	Local variable 'pUrlParams' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:4:	A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:86:	The class 'FBProfileToolsImpl' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 12).
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:87:	This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:91:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mProfileRepository
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:93:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mBBBProfilePropertyManager
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:97:	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:112:	Parameter 'pSiteGroup' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:128:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pBBBProfilePropertyManager
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:128:	Parameter 'pBBBProfilePropertyManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:143:	Parameter 'pPropertyManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:147:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pProfileRepository
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:147:	Parameter 'pProfileRepository' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:161:	Parameter 'bbbUserProfile' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:162:	Parameter 'pUser' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:164:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'fbUserMutableItem' (lines '164'-'172').
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:165:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'newFBUserCreated' (lines '165'-'191').
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:166:	Local variable 'opName' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:169:	The String literal " : Start" appears 9 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 169
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:178:	Local variable 'schoolItems' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:179:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0) with calls to isEmpty()
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:191:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'newFBUserCreated' (lines '191'-'213').
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:193:	Local variable 'userItemDesc' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:208:	The String literal " : End" appears 9 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 208
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:223:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mutableFbUserProfile
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:223:	Parameter 'mutableFbUserProfile' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:224:	Parameter 'bbbUserProfile' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:224:	Parameter 'pUser' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:227:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'updatedFbUser' (lines '227'-'247').
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:228:	Local variable 'opName' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:247:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'updatedFbUser' (lines '247'-'270').
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:250:	Local variable 'userItemDesc' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:256:	Local variable 'msg' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:275:	Parameter 'user' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:277:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'repository' (lines '277'-'319').
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:277:	Local variable 'repository' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:278:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'schoolItems' (lines '278'-'288').
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:278:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'schoolItems' (lines '278'-'319').
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:279:	Local variable 'opName' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:286:	Local variable 'schools' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:287:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0) with calls to isEmpty()
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:288:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'schoolItems' (lines '288'-'319').
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:289:	Local variable 'iter' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:291:	Local variable 'school' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:293:	Local variable 'schoolItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:305:	Local variable 'msg' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:324:	Parameter 'pUser' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:324:	Parameter 'pUserItem' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:324:	The method 'updateSchools' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:326:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'repository' (lines '326'-'401').
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:326:	Local variable 'repository' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:327:	Local variable 'opName' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:333:	Local variable 'schools' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:334:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0) with calls to isEmpty()
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:335:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'newSchoolItems' (lines '335'-'401').
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:335:	Local variable 'newSchoolItems' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:336:	Local variable 'schoolItems' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:343:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'exists' (lines '343'-'350').
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:343:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'exists' (lines '343'-'401').
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:344:	Local variable 'iter' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:345:	Local variable 'school' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:346:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'schoolItem' (lines '346'-'351').
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:346:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'schoolItem' (lines '346'-'367').
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:348:	Local variable 'itemIter' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:350:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'exists' (lines '350'-'350').
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:350:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'exists' (lines '350'-'355').
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:367:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'schoolItem' (lines '367'-'401').
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:370:	Local variable 'msg' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:372:	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:406:	Parameter 'userVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:407:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mutableFBUserProfile
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:407:	Parameter 'mutableFBUserProfile' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:408:	Avoid unused method parameters such as 'bbUserProfile'.
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:408:	Parameter 'bbUserProfile' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:429:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mutableFBUserProfile
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:429:	Parameter 'mutableFBUserProfile' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:430:	Parameter 'bbUserProfile' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:430:	Parameter 'operation' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:445:	Avoid unused private methods such as 'convertRepositoryItemToUser(RepositoryItem,UserVO)'.
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:445:	Parameter 'item' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:445:	Parameter 'user' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:468:	Local variable 'bbbUser' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:476:	Local variable 'friendsItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:480:	Local variable 'friends' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:481:	Local variable 'iter' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:483:	Local variable 'friendItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:484:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:484:	Local variable 'friend' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:501:	Local variable 'schoolsItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:505:	Local variable 'schools' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:506:	Local variable 'iter' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:508:	Local variable 'schoolItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:509:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:509:	Local variable 'school' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:534:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mutableFbUserProfile
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:534:	Parameter 'mutableFbUserProfile' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:535:	Parameter 'bbbUserProfile' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:538:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'success' (lines '538'-'552').
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:539:	Local variable 'opName' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:552:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'success' (lines '552'-'577').
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:555:	Local variable 'userItemDesc' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:586:	Parameter 'pFBAccountId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:589:	Local variable 'opName' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:594:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'user' (lines '594'-'621').
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:594:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'user' (lines '594'-'642').
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:599:	Local variable 'repository' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:600:	Avoid excessively long variable names like useritemDescriptor
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:600:	Local variable 'useritemDescriptor' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:603:	Local variable 'userview' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:604:	Local variable 'fbQueryBuilder' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:606:	Avoid excessively long variable names like queryExpressionProperty
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:606:	Local variable 'queryExpressionProperty' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:609:	Avoid excessively long variable names like queryValueProperty
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:609:	Local variable 'queryValueProperty' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:611:	Local variable 'fbValidUsersQuery' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:618:	Local variable 'users' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:621:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'user' (lines '621'-'642').
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:651:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'group' (lines '651'-'674').
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:651:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'site' (lines '651'-'676').
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:651:	Parameter 'bbbUser' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:651:	The method 'findUserSiteAssociation' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 12.
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:652:	Parameter 'pCurrentSiteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:653:	Local variable 'opName' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:658:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'siteAssociation' (lines '658'-'670').
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:658:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'siteAssociation' (lines '658'-'679').
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:661:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:662:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'siteGroupList' (lines '662'-'699').
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:662:	Local variable 'siteGroupList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:664:	Avoid excessively long variable names like userSiteAssociationMap
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:664:	Local variable 'userSiteAssociationMap' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:672:	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:673:	Local variable 'group' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:674:	Local variable 'sites' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:675:	Local variable 'site' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:676:	Local variable 'otherGroupSite' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:679:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'siteAssociation' (lines '679'-'679').
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:710:	Parameter 'bbbUserProfile' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:710:	Parameter 'fbUserProfile' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:711:	Local variable 'opName' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:716:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'processedProfile' (lines '716'-'733').
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:716:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'processedProfile' (lines '716'-'738').
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:716:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'processedProfile' (lines '716'-'759').
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:720:	Local variable 'fbRepositoryItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:722:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:724:	Local variable 'bbbProfileForFB' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:726:	Local variable 'fbUserMutableItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:733:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'processedProfile' (lines '733'-'759').
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:738:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'processedProfile' (lines '738'-'759').
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:769:	Parameter 'bbbUserProfile' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:770:	Local variable 'opName' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:775:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'status' (lines '775'-'788').
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:775:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'status' (lines '775'-'809').
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:778:	Local variable 'bbbUserFBAssoc' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:782:	Local variable 'fbUserMutableItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:788:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'status' (lines '788'-'809').
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:818:	Parameter 'pFbAccountId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:820:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bbbEmailAddress' (lines '820'-'833').
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:820:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'bbbEmailAddress' (lines '820'-'855').
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:821:	Local variable 'opName' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:827:	Local variable 'fbProfile' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:829:	Local variable 'bbbProfile' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:833:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'bbbEmailAddress' (lines '833'-'855').
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:866:	Parameter 'pFbAccountId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:868:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bbbEmailAddress' (lines '868'-'881').
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:868:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'bbbEmailAddress' (lines '868'-'900').
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:869:	Local variable 'opName' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:875:	Local variable 'fbProfile' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:877:	Local variable 'bbbProfile' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:881:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'bbbEmailAddress' (lines '881'-'900').
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:902:	Avoid excessively long variable names like userSiteAssociationMap
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:902:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'group' (lines '902'-'920').
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:902:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'sisterSite' (lines '902'-'922').
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:902:	Parameter 'userSiteAssociationMap' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:902:	The method 'getSisterSite' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:903:	Parameter 'pCurrentSiteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:904:	Local variable 'opName' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:909:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'siteAssociation' (lines '909'-'919').
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:912:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:914:	Local variable 'siteGroupList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:918:	Local variable 'group' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:919:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:919:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'siteAssociation' (lines '919'-'919').
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:920:	Local variable 'sites' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/FBProfileToolsImpl.java:921:	Local variable 'sisterSite' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/droplet/FBUserSiteAssocDroplet.java:34:	The class 'FBUserSiteAssocDroplet' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 2 (Highest = 10).
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/droplet/FBUserSiteAssocDroplet.java:48:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mBBBProfilePropertyManager
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/droplet/FBUserSiteAssocDroplet.java:60:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pBBBProfilePropertyManager
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/droplet/FBUserSiteAssocDroplet.java:60:	Parameter 'pBBBProfilePropertyManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/droplet/FBUserSiteAssocDroplet.java:74:	Parameter 'profileTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/droplet/FBUserSiteAssocDroplet.java:87:	Parameter 'pFbProfileTool' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/droplet/FBUserSiteAssocDroplet.java:97:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'site' (lines '97'-'122').
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/droplet/FBUserSiteAssocDroplet.java:97:	Parameter 'pRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/droplet/FBUserSiteAssocDroplet.java:97:	Parameter 'pResponse' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/droplet/FBUserSiteAssocDroplet.java:97:	The method 'service' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/droplet/FBUserSiteAssocDroplet.java:99:	Local variable 'searchBasedOn' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/droplet/FBUserSiteAssocDroplet.java:100:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'siteId' (lines '100'-'137').
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/droplet/FBUserSiteAssocDroplet.java:100:	Local variable 'siteId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/droplet/FBUserSiteAssocDroplet.java:101:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bbbUserProfile' (lines '101'-'109').
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/droplet/FBUserSiteAssocDroplet.java:101:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bbbUserProfile' (lines '101'-'113').
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/droplet/FBUserSiteAssocDroplet.java:101:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'bbbUserProfile' (lines '101'-'137').
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/droplet/FBUserSiteAssocDroplet.java:102:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'sisterSiteList' (lines '102'-'118').
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/droplet/FBUserSiteAssocDroplet.java:102:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'sisterSiteList' (lines '102'-'137').
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/droplet/FBUserSiteAssocDroplet.java:103:	Local variable 'fbUser' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/droplet/FBUserSiteAssocDroplet.java:108:	Local variable 'bbbUserEmail' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/droplet/FBUserSiteAssocDroplet.java:115:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/droplet/FBUserSiteAssocDroplet.java:116:	Avoid excessively long variable names like bbbUserCurrSiteMap
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/droplet/FBUserSiteAssocDroplet.java:116:	Local variable 'bbbUserCurrSiteMap' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/droplet/FBUserSiteAssocDroplet.java:119:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0) with calls to isEmpty()
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/droplet/FBUserSiteAssocDroplet.java:121:	Local variable 'site' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/formhandler/FBConnectAutoSignInFormHandler.java:33:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'mFbProfileTool'.
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/formhandler/FBConnectAutoSignInFormHandler.java:88:	The String literal "Entry " appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 88
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/formhandler/FBConnectAutoSignInFormHandler.java:152:	Avoid unused method parameters such as 'emailId'.
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/formhandler/FBConnectAutoSignInFormHandler.java:152:	Avoid unused method parameters such as 'pRequest'.
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/formhandler/FBConnectFormHandler.java:15:	A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/formhandler/FBConnectFormHandler.java:56:	The class 'FBConnectFormHandler' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 2 (Highest = 18).
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/formhandler/FBConnectFormHandler.java:56:	Too many fields
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/formhandler/FBConnectFormHandler.java:87:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mFbPropertyManager
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/formhandler/FBConnectFormHandler.java:92:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mBBBProfilePropertyManager
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/formhandler/FBConnectFormHandler.java:144:	Parameter 'pFbFullName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/formhandler/FBConnectFormHandler.java:158:	Parameter 'pFBAccountId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/formhandler/FBConnectFormHandler.java:172:	Parameter 'pProfileTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/formhandler/FBConnectFormHandler.java:187:	Parameter 'pErrorMap' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/formhandler/FBConnectFormHandler.java:202:	Parameter 'pageSection' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/formhandler/FBConnectFormHandler.java:218:	Parameter 'pSuccessURL' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/formhandler/FBConnectFormHandler.java:235:	Parameter 'pErrorURL' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/formhandler/FBConnectFormHandler.java:250:	Parameter 'pFBResponseParser' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/formhandler/FBConnectFormHandler.java:266:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pBBBProfilePropertyManager
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/formhandler/FBConnectFormHandler.java:266:	Parameter 'pBBBProfilePropertyManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/formhandler/FBConnectFormHandler.java:282:	Parameter 'pEvent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/formhandler/FBConnectFormHandler.java:297:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pFbPropertyManager
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/formhandler/FBConnectFormHandler.java:297:	Parameter 'pFbPropertyManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/formhandler/FBConnectFormHandler.java:312:	Parameter 'pFBBasicInfo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/formhandler/FBConnectFormHandler.java:327:	Parameter 'pFbProfileTool' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/formhandler/FBConnectFormHandler.java:342:	Parameter 'pLabelManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/formhandler/FBConnectFormHandler.java:356:	Parameter 'pEmailAddress' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/formhandler/FBConnectFormHandler.java:363:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mTransactionManager
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/formhandler/FBConnectFormHandler.java:371:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pTransactionManager
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/formhandler/FBConnectFormHandler.java:371:	Parameter 'pTransactionManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/formhandler/FBConnectFormHandler.java:392:	Parameter 'pSiteContext' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/formhandler/FBConnectFormHandler.java:413:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/formhandler/FBConnectFormHandler.java:413:	Parameter 'pRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/formhandler/FBConnectFormHandler.java:413:	The method 'handleCheckFBConnect' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 18.
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/formhandler/FBConnectFormHandler.java:414:	Parameter 'pResponse' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/formhandler/FBConnectFormHandler.java:417:	Local variable 'opName' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/formhandler/FBConnectFormHandler.java:420:	The String literal " : Start" appears 7 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 420
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/formhandler/FBConnectFormHandler.java:421:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'event' (lines '421'-'437').
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/formhandler/FBConnectFormHandler.java:421:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'event' (lines '421'-'447').
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/formhandler/FBConnectFormHandler.java:421:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'event' (lines '421'-'474').
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/formhandler/FBConnectFormHandler.java:421:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'event' (lines '421'-'481').
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/formhandler/FBConnectFormHandler.java:421:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'event' (lines '421'-'505').
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/formhandler/FBConnectFormHandler.java:421:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'event' (lines '421'-'515').
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/formhandler/FBConnectFormHandler.java:423:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/formhandler/FBConnectFormHandler.java:426:	Local variable 'fbUserVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/formhandler/FBConnectFormHandler.java:430:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/formhandler/FBConnectFormHandler.java:434:	Local variable 'bbbProfile' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/formhandler/FBConnectFormHandler.java:440:	Avoid excessively long variable names like fbUserRepositoryItem
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/formhandler/FBConnectFormHandler.java:440:	Local variable 'fbUserRepositoryItem' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/formhandler/FBConnectFormHandler.java:442:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/formhandler/FBConnectFormHandler.java:443:	Local variable 'bbbUserProfile' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/formhandler/FBConnectFormHandler.java:450:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/formhandler/FBConnectFormHandler.java:451:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/formhandler/FBConnectFormHandler.java:454:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'event' (lines '454'-'461').
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/formhandler/FBConnectFormHandler.java:459:	Local variable 'profile' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/formhandler/FBConnectFormHandler.java:471:	Local variable 'bbbUserProfile' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/formhandler/FBConnectFormHandler.java:473:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/formhandler/FBConnectFormHandler.java:499:	Local variable 'profile' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/formhandler/FBConnectFormHandler.java:501:	Local variable 'fbUserProfile' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/formhandler/FBConnectFormHandler.java:511:	The String literal " : End" appears 7 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 511
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/formhandler/FBConnectFormHandler.java:526:	Parameter 'pRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/formhandler/FBConnectFormHandler.java:527:	Parameter 'pResponse' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/formhandler/FBConnectFormHandler.java:530:	Local variable 'opName' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/formhandler/FBConnectFormHandler.java:534:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'status' (lines '534'-'542').
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/formhandler/FBConnectFormHandler.java:535:	Local variable 'bbbUserProfile' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/formhandler/FBConnectFormHandler.java:537:	Local variable 'fbUser' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/formhandler/FBConnectFormHandler.java:539:	Local variable 'facebookProfile' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/formhandler/FBConnectFormHandler.java:541:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/formhandler/FBConnectFormHandler.java:572:	Parameter 'pRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/formhandler/FBConnectFormHandler.java:573:	Parameter 'pResponse' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/formhandler/FBConnectFormHandler.java:576:	Local variable 'opName' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/formhandler/FBConnectFormHandler.java:580:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'status' (lines '580'-'583').
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/formhandler/FBConnectFormHandler.java:581:	Local variable 'bbbUserProfile' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/formhandler/FBConnectFormHandler.java:613:	Parameter 'fbUserVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/formhandler/FBConnectFormHandler.java:614:	Parameter 'pRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/formhandler/FBConnectFormHandler.java:616:	Local variable 'opName' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/formhandler/FBConnectFormHandler.java:619:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'user' (lines '619'-'621').
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/formhandler/FBConnectFormHandler.java:645:	Parameter 'pRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/formhandler/FBConnectFormHandler.java:646:	Parameter 'pResponse' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/formhandler/FBConnectFormHandler.java:649:	Local variable 'opName' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/formhandler/FBConnectFormHandler.java:653:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'event' (lines '653'-'659').
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/formhandler/FBConnectFormHandler.java:653:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'event' (lines '653'-'665').
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/formhandler/FBConnectFormHandler.java:653:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'event' (lines '653'-'685').
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/formhandler/FBConnectFormHandler.java:654:	Local variable 'fbUser' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/formhandler/FBConnectFormHandler.java:656:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/formhandler/FBConnectFormHandler.java:657:	Local variable 'bbbUserProfile' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/formhandler/FBConnectFormHandler.java:658:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/formhandler/FBConnectFormHandler.java:697:	Parameter 'pRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/formhandler/FBConnectFormHandler.java:698:	Parameter 'pResponse' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/formhandler/FBConnectFormHandler.java:701:	Local variable 'opName' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/formhandler/FBConnectFormHandler.java:706:	Local variable 'bbbUserProfile' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/formhandler/FBConnectFormHandler.java:707:	Local variable 'fbProfile' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/formhandler/FBConnectFormHandler.java:729:	Parameter 'pRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/formhandler/FBConnectFormHandler.java:730:	Parameter 'pResponse' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/formhandler/FBConnectFormHandler.java:733:	Local variable 'opName' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/formhandler/FBConnectFormHandler.java:755:	Parameter 'pRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/formhandler/FBConnectFormHandler.java:756:	Parameter 'pResponse' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/formhandler/FBConnectFormHandler.java:759:	Local variable 'opName' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/formhandler/FBConnectFormHandler.java:764:	Local variable 'fbUser' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/formhandler/FBConnectFormHandler.java:786:	Local variable 'opName' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/formhandler/FBConnectFormHandler.java:790:	Avoid variables with short names like tm
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/formhandler/FBConnectFormHandler.java:790:	Local variable 'tm' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/formhandler/FBConnectFormHandler.java:791:	Avoid variables with short names like t
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/formhandler/FBConnectFormHandler.java:813:	Parameter 'bbbProfile' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/formhandler/FBConnectFormHandler.java:814:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isMigratedUser' (lines '814'-'821').
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/formhandler/FBConnectFormHandler.java:816:	Local variable 'status' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/formhandler/FBConnectFormHandler.java:818:	Local variable 'migrationFlag' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/social/facebook/formhandler/FBConnectFormHandler.java:819:	Local variable 'loginInFlag' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/store/scheduler/InvalidateStoreRepositoryCacheScheduler.java:37:	Parameter 'pStoreRepository' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/store/scheduler/InvalidateStoreRepositoryCacheScheduler.java:57:	Parameter 'pSchedulerEnabled' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/store/scheduler/InvalidateStoreRepositoryCacheScheduler.java:63:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'descriptor' (lines '63'-'72').
src/com/bbb/store/scheduler/InvalidateStoreRepositoryCacheScheduler.java:69:	Local variable 'descriptorNames' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/store/scheduler/InvalidateStoreRepositoryCacheScheduler.java:71:	Local variable 'descriptor' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/store/scheduler/InvalidateStoreRepositoryCacheScheduler.java:72:	Local variable 'desc' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/tag/droplet/ReferralInfoDroplet.java:48:	The class 'ReferralInfoDroplet' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 29).
src/com/bbb/tag/droplet/ReferralInfoDroplet.java:73:	Avoid excessively long variable names like refCreateRegString
src/com/bbb/tag/droplet/ReferralInfoDroplet.java:96:	Avoid excessively long variable names like refCreateRegString
src/com/bbb/tag/droplet/ReferralInfoDroplet.java:139:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/tag/droplet/ReferralInfoDroplet.java:139:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'parameterValue' (lines '139'-'196').
src/com/bbb/tag/droplet/ReferralInfoDroplet.java:139:	The method 'service' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 29.
src/com/bbb/tag/droplet/ReferralInfoDroplet.java:144:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'queryString' (lines '144'-'177').
src/com/bbb/tag/droplet/ReferralInfoDroplet.java:145:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'refId' (lines '145'-'178').
src/com/bbb/tag/droplet/ReferralInfoDroplet.java:146:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'wcRegString' (lines '146'-'220').
src/com/bbb/tag/droplet/ReferralInfoDroplet.java:146:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'wcRegString' (lines '146'-'326').
src/com/bbb/tag/droplet/ReferralInfoDroplet.java:147:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'wcRegParam' (lines '147'-'219').
src/com/bbb/tag/droplet/ReferralInfoDroplet.java:147:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'wcRegParam' (lines '147'-'326').
src/com/bbb/tag/droplet/ReferralInfoDroplet.java:148:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bpRegString' (lines '148'-'272').
src/com/bbb/tag/droplet/ReferralInfoDroplet.java:148:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'bpRegString' (lines '148'-'326').
src/com/bbb/tag/droplet/ReferralInfoDroplet.java:149:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bpRegParam' (lines '149'-'271').
src/com/bbb/tag/droplet/ReferralInfoDroplet.java:149:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'bpRegParam' (lines '149'-'326').
src/com/bbb/tag/droplet/ReferralInfoDroplet.java:150:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'curUrl' (lines '150'-'179').
src/com/bbb/tag/droplet/ReferralInfoDroplet.java:152:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'wcSaleString' (lines '152'-'236').
src/com/bbb/tag/droplet/ReferralInfoDroplet.java:152:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'wcSaleString' (lines '152'-'326').
src/com/bbb/tag/droplet/ReferralInfoDroplet.java:153:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'wcSaleParam' (lines '153'-'235').
src/com/bbb/tag/droplet/ReferralInfoDroplet.java:153:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'wcSaleParam' (lines '153'-'326').
src/com/bbb/tag/droplet/ReferralInfoDroplet.java:154:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bpSaleString' (lines '154'-'286').
src/com/bbb/tag/droplet/ReferralInfoDroplet.java:154:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'bpSaleString' (lines '154'-'326').
src/com/bbb/tag/droplet/ReferralInfoDroplet.java:155:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bpSaleParam' (lines '155'-'285').
src/com/bbb/tag/droplet/ReferralInfoDroplet.java:155:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'bpSaleParam' (lines '155'-'326').
src/com/bbb/tag/droplet/ReferralInfoDroplet.java:156:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'cjSaleString' (lines '156'-'255').
src/com/bbb/tag/droplet/ReferralInfoDroplet.java:156:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'cjSaleString' (lines '156'-'326').
src/com/bbb/tag/droplet/ReferralInfoDroplet.java:157:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'cjSaleParam' (lines '157'-'254').
src/com/bbb/tag/droplet/ReferralInfoDroplet.java:157:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'cjSaleParam' (lines '157'-'326').
src/com/bbb/tag/droplet/ReferralInfoDroplet.java:159:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'currentPage' (lines '159'-'326').
src/com/bbb/tag/droplet/ReferralInfoDroplet.java:159:	Local variable 'currentPage' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/tag/droplet/ReferralInfoDroplet.java:174:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'todayDate' (lines '174'-'326').
src/com/bbb/tag/droplet/ReferralInfoDroplet.java:176:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'paramValueMap' (lines '176'-'194').
src/com/bbb/tag/droplet/ReferralInfoDroplet.java:176:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'paramValueMap' (lines '176'-'326').
src/com/bbb/tag/droplet/ReferralInfoDroplet.java:192:	Local variable 'parameterValues' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/tag/droplet/ReferralInfoDroplet.java:193:	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/com/bbb/tag/droplet/ReferralInfoDroplet.java:194:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'paramValueMap' (lines '194'-'326').
src/com/bbb/tag/droplet/ReferralInfoDroplet.java:195:	Local variable 'parameterValue' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/tag/droplet/ReferralInfoDroplet.java:197:	Local variable 'tokens' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/tag/droplet/ReferralInfoDroplet.java:227:	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/com/bbb/tag/droplet/ReferralInfoDroplet.java:278:	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/com/bbb/tag/droplet/ReferralInfoDroplet.java:335:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'param' (lines '335'-'346').
src/com/bbb/tag/droplet/ReferralInfoDroplet.java:335:	Parameter 'paramValuesMap' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/tag/droplet/ReferralInfoDroplet.java:335:	Parameter 'params' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/tag/droplet/ReferralInfoDroplet.java:340:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'value' (lines '340'-'346').
src/com/bbb/tag/droplet/ReferralInfoDroplet.java:340:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'value' (lines '340'-'358').
src/com/bbb/tag/droplet/ReferralInfoDroplet.java:341:	Local variable 'sbuilder' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/tag/droplet/ReferralInfoDroplet.java:343:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'index' (lines '343'-'358').
src/com/bbb/tag/droplet/ReferralInfoDroplet.java:344:	Local variable 'param' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/tag/droplet/ReferralInfoDroplet.java:352:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'index' (lines '352'-'358').
src/com/bbb/wishlist/BBBWishlistItemCountDroplet.java:46:	Parameter 'pGiftlistManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/wishlist/BBBWishlistItemCountDroplet.java:61:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'wishlistItemCount' (lines '61'-'76').
src/com/bbb/wishlist/BBBWishlistItemCountDroplet.java:62:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'currentSiteId' (lines '62'-'82').
src/com/bbb/wishlist/BBBWishlistItemCountDroplet.java:67:	Local variable 'pGiftlistId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/wishlist/BBBWishlistItemCountDroplet.java:68:	Local variable 'items' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/wishlist/BBBWishlistItemCountDroplet.java:69:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0) with calls to isEmpty()
src/com/bbb/wishlist/BBBWishlistItemCountDroplet.java:72:	Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/wishlist/BBBWishlistItemCountDroplet.java:76:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'wishlistItemCount' (lines '76'-'76').
src/com/bbb/wishlist/BBBWishlistManager.java:27:	Avoid excessively long variable names like savedItemsSessionBean
src/com/bbb/wishlist/BBBWishlistManager.java:40:	Avoid excessively long variable names like savedItemsSessionBean
src/com/bbb/wishlist/BBBWishlistManager.java:40:	Parameter 'savedItemsSessionBean' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/wishlist/BBBWishlistManager.java:49:	Parameter 'pProfile' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/wishlist/BBBWishlistManager.java:67:	Parameter 'pGiftlistManager' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/wishlist/BBBWishlistManager.java:91:	Parameter 'pSiteContext' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/wishlist/BBBWishlistManager.java:101:	Parameter 'pSiteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/wishlist/BBBWishlistManager.java:124:	Parameter 'catalogTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/wishlist/BBBWishlistManager.java:137:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'giftList' (lines '137'-'159').
src/com/bbb/wishlist/BBBWishlistManager.java:140:	Local variable 'items' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/wishlist/BBBWishlistManager.java:141:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'wishListItemList' (lines '141'-'187').
src/com/bbb/wishlist/BBBWishlistManager.java:141:	Local variable 'wishListItemList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/wishlist/BBBWishlistManager.java:142:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'siteId' (lines '142'-'187').
src/com/bbb/wishlist/BBBWishlistManager.java:142:	Local variable 'siteId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/wishlist/BBBWishlistManager.java:143:	Local variable 'wishListVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/wishlist/BBBWishlistManager.java:147:	Local variable 'prodPropMap' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/wishlist/BBBWishlistManager.java:148:	Local variable 'skuPropMap' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/wishlist/BBBWishlistManager.java:149:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'skuId' (lines '149'-'159').
src/com/bbb/wishlist/BBBWishlistManager.java:149:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'skuId' (lines '149'-'187').
src/com/bbb/wishlist/BBBWishlistManager.java:150:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'productId' (lines '150'-'160').
src/com/bbb/wishlist/BBBWishlistManager.java:150:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'productId' (lines '150'-'187').
src/com/bbb/wishlist/BBBWishlistManager.java:151:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'itemSiteId' (lines '151'-'187').
src/com/bbb/wishlist/BBBWishlistManager.java:151:	Local variable 'itemSiteId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/wishlist/BBBWishlistManager.java:152:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'wishListProductVO' (lines '152'-'162').
src/com/bbb/wishlist/BBBWishlistManager.java:152:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'wishListProductVO' (lines '152'-'187').
src/com/bbb/wishlist/BBBWishlistManager.java:153:	Avoid excessively long variable names like wishListSkuDetailVO
src/com/bbb/wishlist/BBBWishlistManager.java:153:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'wishListSkuDetailVO' (lines '153'-'163').
src/com/bbb/wishlist/BBBWishlistManager.java:153:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'wishListSkuDetailVO' (lines '153'-'187').
src/com/bbb/wishlist/BBBWishlistManager.java:155:	Local variable 'giftList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/wishlist/BBBWishlistManager.java:197:	Parameter 'productId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/wishlist/BBBWishlistManager.java:197:	Parameter 'siteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/wishlist/BBBWishlistManager.java:198:	Local variable 'wishListProductVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/wishlist/BBBWishlistManager.java:200:	Local variable 'productVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/wishlist/BBBWishlistManager.java:221:	Parameter 'productId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/wishlist/BBBWishlistManager.java:221:	Parameter 'siteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/wishlist/BBBWishlistManager.java:221:	Parameter 'skuId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/wishlist/BBBWishlistManager.java:223:	Avoid excessively long variable names like wishListSkuDetailVO
src/com/bbb/wishlist/BBBWishlistManager.java:223:	Local variable 'wishListSkuDetailVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/wishlist/BBBWishlistManager.java:224:	Local variable 'sKUDetailVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/wishlist/BBBWishlistManager.java:226:	Local variable 'salePrice' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/wishlist/BBBWishlistManager.java:227:	Local variable 'listPrice' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/wishlist/BBBWishlistManager.java:251:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'items' (lines '251'-'257').
src/com/bbb/wishlist/BBBWishlistManager.java:254:	Local variable 'giftid' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/wishlist/BBBWishlistManager.java:258:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/wishlist/BBBWishlistSiteFilterDroplet.java:15:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.Iterator'
src/com/bbb/wishlist/BBBWishlistSiteFilterDroplet.java:15:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.Iterator'
src/com/bbb/wishlist/BBBWishlistSiteFilterDroplet.java:16:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.List'
src/com/bbb/wishlist/BBBWishlistSiteFilterDroplet.java:16:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.List'
src/com/bbb/wishlist/BBBWishlistSiteFilterDroplet.java:20:	Avoid unused imports such as 'org.apache.commons.lang.StringUtils'
src/com/bbb/wishlist/BBBWishlistSiteFilterDroplet.java:20:	Avoid unused imports such as 'org.apache.commons.lang.StringUtils'
src/com/bbb/wishlist/BBBWishlistSiteFilterDroplet.java:31:	Avoid unused imports such as 'atg.multisite.SiteContextManager'
src/com/bbb/wishlist/BBBWishlistSiteFilterDroplet.java:31:	Avoid unused imports such as 'atg.multisite.SiteContextManager'
src/com/bbb/wishlist/BBBWishlistSiteFilterDroplet.java:47:	Parameter 'pSiteContext' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/wishlist/BBBWishlistSiteFilterDroplet.java:68:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'currentSiteId' (lines '68'-'87').
src/com/bbb/wishlist/BBBWishlistSiteFilterDroplet.java:68:	Local variable 'currentSiteId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/wishlist/BBBWishlistSiteFilterDroplet.java:70:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/wishlist/GiftListVO.java:14:	Too many fields
src/com/bbb/wishlist/GiftListVO.java:25:	Avoid excessively long variable names like giftRepositoryItem
src/com/bbb/wishlist/GiftListVO.java:48:	Parameter 'pAttribute' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/wishlist/GiftListVO.java:62:	Parameter 'skuVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/wishlist/GiftListVO.java:76:	Parameter 'pPriceMessageVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/wishlist/GiftListVO.java:97:	Parameter 'pMsgShownFlagOff' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/wishlist/GiftListVO.java:111:	Parameter 'pMsgShownOOS' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/wishlist/GiftListVO.java:118:	Parameter 'giftListId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/wishlist/GiftListVO.java:131:	Parameter 'productVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/wishlist/GiftListVO.java:135:	Document empty constructor
src/com/bbb/wishlist/GiftListVO.java:139:	Parameter 'pPrevPrice' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/wishlist/GiftListVO.java:139:	Parameter 'pPrice' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/wishlist/GiftListVO.java:139:	Parameter 'pProdID' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/wishlist/GiftListVO.java:139:	Parameter 'pSkuID' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/wishlist/GiftListVO.java:139:	Parameter 'pWishListItemId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/wishlist/GiftListVO.java:139:	Parameter 'qty' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/wishlist/GiftListVO.java:139:	Parameter 'registryId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/wishlist/GiftListVO.java:139:	Parameter 'storeId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/wishlist/GiftListVO.java:156:	Parameter 'registryID' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/wishlist/GiftListVO.java:164:	Parameter 'storeID' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/wishlist/GiftListVO.java:168:	Avoid excessively long variable names like giftRepositoryItem
src/com/bbb/wishlist/GiftListVO.java:168:	Parameter 'giftRepositoryItem' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/wishlist/GiftListVO.java:181:	Parameter 'pPrice' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/wishlist/GiftListVO.java:193:	Parameter 'pProdID' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/wishlist/GiftListVO.java:205:	Parameter 'pSkuID' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/wishlist/GiftListVO.java:217:	Parameter 'pQuantity' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/wishlist/GiftListVO.java:223:	Parameter 'commerceItemId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/wishlist/GiftListVO.java:229:	Parameter 'qtyPurchased' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/wishlist/GiftListVO.java:235:	Parameter 'qtyRequested' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/wishlist/GiftListVO.java:241:	Parameter 'prevPrice' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/wishlist/GiftListVO.java:252:	Parameter 'wishListItemId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/wishlist/GiftListVO.java:258:	Avoid excessively long variable names like giftRepositoryItem
src/com/bbb/wishlist/GiftListVO.java:258:	Parameter 'giftRepositoryItem' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/wishlist/GiftListVO.java:272:	Parameter 'pTotalPrice' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/wishlist/GiftListVO.java:280:	Parameter 'registryVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:1:	A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:1:	This class has a bunch of public methods and attributes
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:79:	Avoid really long classes.
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:79:	The class 'StoreGiftlistFormHandler' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 115).
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:79:	This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:79:	Too many fields
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:81:	Avoid variables with short names like ID
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:92:	Avoid excessively long variable names like LAST_EVENT_TYPE_NAME
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:94:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFT_LIST_EVENT_NAME_MAP_KEY
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:95:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFT_LIST_MONTH_MAP_KEY
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:96:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFT_LIST_DATE_MAP_KEY
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:97:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFT_LIST_YEAR_MAP_KEY
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:98:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFT_LIST_SHIPPING_ADDRESS_MAP_KEY
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:99:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFT_LIST_EVENT_TYPE_MAP_KEY
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:100:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFT_LIST_PUBLISHED_MAP_KEY
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:101:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFT_LIST_DESCRIPTION_MAP_KEY
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:102:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GIFT_LIST_INSTRUCTIONS_MAP_KEY
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:111:	Avoid excessively long variable names like LOGIN_REDIRECT_URL
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:112:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'SITE_ID'.
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:113:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'SAVED_ITEMS_LIST'.
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:118:	Avoid excessively long variable names like lblTxtTemplateManager
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:130:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mSave4LaterCookieName
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:131:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mSave4LaterCookieAge
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:132:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mSave4LaterCookiePath
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:134:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mItemMoveFromCartID
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:135:	Field isAddOperation has the same name as a method
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:136:	Field isUpdateOperation has the same name as a method
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:137:	Field isRemoveOperation has the same name as a method
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:138:	Field isMoveOperation has the same name as a method
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:139:	Avoid excessively long variable names like isMoveToCartOperation
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:139:	Field isMoveToCartOperation has the same name as a method
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:145:	Avoid excessively long variable names like totalQuantityAdded
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:150:	Field isUndoOpt has the same name as a method
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:151:	Field isNewItemAdded has the same name as a method
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:215:	Avoid excessively long variable names like totalQuantityAdded
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:218:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mPurchaseProcessHelper
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:244:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pPurchaseProcessHelper
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:308:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pItemMoveFromCartID
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:372:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pIsMoveToCartOperation
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:418:	Avoid excessively long variable names like save4LaterCookieName
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:426:	Avoid excessively long variable names like save4LaterCookieAge
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:434:	Avoid excessively long variable names like save4LaterCookiePath
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:589:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mSavedItemsSessionBean
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:605:	The String literal "skuId" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 605
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:620:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mAddItemToGiftlistLoginURL
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:625:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mMoveItemsFromCartLoginURL
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:630:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mProfilePropertyManager
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:635:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mRemoveItemsFromGiftlistSuccessURL
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:640:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mRemoveItemsFromGiftlistErrorURL
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:657:	Avoid excessively long variable names like addWishlistSuccessFlag
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:667:	Avoid excessively long variable names like productDetailsRedirectUrl
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:669:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mRemoveAllWishListItemsFailureResult
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:700:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mRemoveAllWishListItemsFailureResult
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:715:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pLblTxtTemplateManager
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:727:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pAddItemToGiftlistLoginURL
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:745:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pMoveItemsFromCartLoginURL
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:760:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pProfilePropertyManager
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:776:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pRemoveItemsFromGiftlistSuccessURL
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:791:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pRemoveItemsFromGiftlistErrorURL
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:804:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mUpdateGiftlistAndItemsSuccessURL
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:811:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pUpdateGiftlistAndItemsSuccessURL
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:825:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mUpdateGiftlistAndItemsErrorURL
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:832:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pUpdateGiftlistAndItemsErrorURL
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:846:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mMoveToNewGiftListAddressSuccessURL
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:853:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pMoveToNewGiftListAddressSuccessURL
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:867:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mMoveToNewGiftListAddressErrorURL
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:874:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pMoveToNewGiftListAddressErrorURL
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:938:	Avoid excessively long variable names like savedItemsSessionBean
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:1423:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'idToBeRemoved' (lines '1,423'-'1,443').
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:1429:	Avoid excessively long variable names like listItemIdToRemove
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:1432:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'items' (lines '1,432'-'1,463').
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:1433:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isValidItem' (lines '1,433'-'1,438').
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:1433:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'isValidItem' (lines '1,433'-'1,463').
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:1436:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0) with calls to isEmpty()
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:1438:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isValidItem' (lines '1,438'-'1,444').
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:1449:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:1449:	The String literal "Not a valid item Id" appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 1,449
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:1474:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'item' (lines '1,474'-'1,491').
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:1493:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'giftListItemId' (lines '1,493'-'1,495').
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:1563:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'id' (lines '1,563'-'1,581').
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:1571:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'mgr' (lines '1,571'-'1,588').
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:1572:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'pGiftlistId' (lines '1,572'-'1,588').
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:1580:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:1603:	The method 'handleUpdateWishlistItems' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:1612:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isValidItem' (lines '1,612'-'1,629').
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:1612:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'isValidItem' (lines '1,612'-'1,644').
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:1615:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0) with calls to isEmpty()
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:1618:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'quantityDesired' (lines '1,618'-'1,622').
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:1621:	The String literal "quantityDesired" appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 1,621
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:1629:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isValidItem' (lines '1,629'-'1,629').
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:1654:	The method 'handleUpdateGiftlistItems' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 17.
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:1654:	The method handleUpdateGiftlistItems() has an NPath complexity of 440
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:1660:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'mgr'.
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:1661:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'quantity'.
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:1661:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'quantity' (lines '1,661'-'1,719').
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:1662:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'items' (lines '1,662'-'1,719').
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:1663:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'mgr' (lines '1,663'-'1,719').
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:1681:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0) with calls to isEmpty()
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:1722:	The method 'updateGiftlistItems' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 15.
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:1735:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0) with calls to isEmpty()
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:1742:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:1765:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:1798:	The method 'handleMoveItemsFromCart' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 21.
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:1798:	The method handleMoveItemsFromCart() has an NPath complexity of 360
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:1837:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'skuId'.
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:1837:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'skuId' (lines '1,837'-'1,847').
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:1837:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'skuId' (lines '1,837'-'1,871').
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:1846:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:1847:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'skuId' (lines '1,847'-'1,847').
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:1847:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'skuId' (lines '1,847'-'1,871').
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:1898:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'element' (lines '1,898'-'1,905').
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:1898:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'shippingGroupId' (lines '1,898'-'1,914').
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:1905:	Avoid variables with short names like sg
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:1907:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:1979:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:1979:	The method 'moveItemsFromCart' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 67.
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:1979:	The method moveItemsFromCart() has an NCSS line count of 187
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:1979:	The method moveItemsFromCart() has an NPath complexity of 300823815
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:1986:	Avoid excessively long variable names like savedItemsSessionBean
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:1988:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'beforeSize' (lines '1,988'-'1,991').
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:1989:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'afterSize' (lines '1,989'-'2,227').
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:1990:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0) with calls to isEmpty()
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:1991:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'beforeSize' (lines '1,991'-'2,227').
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:1995:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'item' (lines '1,995'-'2,034').
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:2005:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'displayName' (lines '2,005'-'2,031').
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:2006:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'description' (lines '2,006'-'2,032').
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:2008:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'itemToBeRemoved' (lines '2,008'-'2,037').
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:2012:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'storeId' (lines '2,012'-'2,014').
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:2019:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:2028:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'productVO' (lines '2,028'-'2,029').
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:2050:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'mgr' (lines '2,050'-'2,227').
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:2051:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'displayName' (lines '2,051'-'2,084').
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:2051:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'displayName' (lines '2,051'-'2,227').
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:2052:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'description' (lines '2,052'-'2,085').
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:2052:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'description' (lines '2,052'-'2,227').
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:2053:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'siteId' (lines '2,053'-'2,080').
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:2053:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'siteId' (lines '2,053'-'2,227').
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:2054:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'quantity' (lines '2,054'-'2,071').
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:2054:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'quantity' (lines '2,054'-'2,227').
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:2056:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'comItem' (lines '2,056'-'2,064').
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:2058:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'commerceItemId' (lines '2,058'-'2,060').
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:2070:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'sku' (lines '2,070'-'2,070').
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:2070:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'sku' (lines '2,070'-'2,227').
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:2073:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'quantity' (lines '2,073'-'2,227').
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:2080:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'siteId' (lines '2,080'-'2,227').
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:2083:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'productId' (lines '2,083'-'2,227').
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:2084:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'displayName' (lines '2,084'-'2,084').
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:2084:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'displayName' (lines '2,084'-'2,227').
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:2085:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'description' (lines '2,085'-'2,085').
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:2085:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'description' (lines '2,085'-'2,227').
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:2089:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'giftId' (lines '2,089'-'2,091').
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:2089:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'giftId' (lines '2,089'-'2,227').
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:2091:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'giftId' (lines '2,091'-'2,227').
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:2101:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'itemId' (lines '2,101'-'2,121').
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:2101:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'itemId' (lines '2,101'-'2,167').
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:2101:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'itemId' (lines '2,101'-'2,188').
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:2106:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'giftlistItems' (lines '2,106'-'2,109').
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:2106:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'giftlistItems' (lines '2,106'-'2,118').
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:2107:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0) with calls to isEmpty()
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:2109:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:2118:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:2123:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'finalCount' (lines '2,123'-'2,127').
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:2124:	Avoid variables with short names like i
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:2124:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'i' (lines '2,124'-'2,227').
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:2131:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'i' (lines '2,131'-'2,227').
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:2153:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:2167:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'itemId' (lines '2,167'-'2,167').
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:2220:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0) with calls to isEmpty()
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:2240:	Avoid excessively long variable names like dynamohttpservletrequest
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:2241:	Avoid excessively long variable names like dynamohttpservletresponse
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:2275:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:2275:	The method 'saveGiftListItemInSession' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 115.
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:2275:	The method saveGiftListItemInSession() has an NCSS line count of 297
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:2275:	The method saveGiftListItemInSession() has an NPath complexity of 2064497176
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:2282:	Avoid excessively long variable names like savedItemsSessionBean
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:2284:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'beforeSize' (lines '2,284'-'2,287').
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:2285:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'afterSize' (lines '2,285'-'2,671').
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:2286:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0) with calls to isEmpty()
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:2287:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'beforeSize' (lines '2,287'-'2,671').
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:2314:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'tempMoveVO' (lines '2,314'-'2,328').
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:2326:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'qua' (lines '2,326'-'2,345').
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:2328:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:2363:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:2371:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isNewItem' (lines '2,371'-'2,389').
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:2372:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'updateItem' (lines '2,372'-'2,379').
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:2372:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'updateItem' (lines '2,372'-'2,381').
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:2373:	Avoid variables with short names like ix
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:2373:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ix' (lines '2,373'-'2,393').
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:2373:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'ix' (lines '2,373'-'2,671').
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:2393:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ix' (lines '2,393'-'2,393').
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:2393:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'ix' (lines '2,393'-'2,671').
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:2409:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'finalCount' (lines '2,409'-'2,413').
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:2410:	Avoid variables with short names like i
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:2410:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'i' (lines '2,410'-'2,671').
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:2417:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'i' (lines '2,417'-'2,671').
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:2469:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0) with calls to isEmpty()
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:2520:	Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:2534:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:2613:	Avoid excessively long variable names like updatedStoredGiftList
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:2664:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0) with calls to isEmpty()
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:2684:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:2687:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:2692:	Avoid excessively long variable names like savedItemsSessionBean
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:2716:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'session'.
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:2716:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'session' (lines '2,716'-'2,728').
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:2780:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:2780:	The method 'handleAddItemListToGiftlist' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 30.
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:2780:	The method handleAddItemListToGiftlist() has an NPath complexity of 260
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:2794:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:2797:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'wishListBean' (lines '2,797'-'2,899').
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:2801:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'parentProductId' (lines '2,801'-'2,803').
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:2805:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'totalQuan' (lines '2,805'-'2,816').
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:2806:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'append' (lines '2,806'-'2,810').
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:2806:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'append' (lines '2,806'-'2,813').
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:2810:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'append' (lines '2,810'-'2,810').
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:2810:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'append' (lines '2,810'-'2,813').
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:2813:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:2863:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'mgr' (lines '2,863'-'2,899').
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:2875:	Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:2912:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'additemList' (lines '2,912'-'2,915').
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:3005:	Avoid excessively long variable names like repositoryKeyService
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:3005:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'repositoryKeyService' (lines '3,005'-'3,012').
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:3021:	Avoid unused private methods such as 'getPropertyNames(DynaBean)'.
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:3021:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'propertie' (lines '3,021'-'3,027').
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:3085:	Avoid excessively long variable names like productDetailsRedirectUrl
src/com/bbb/wishlist/StoreGiftlistFormHandler.java:3099:	Avoid excessively long variable names like addWishlistSuccessFlag
src/com/bbb/wishlist/manager/BBBGiftlistManager.java:39:	The class 'BBBGiftlistManager' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 6 (Highest = 20).
src/com/bbb/wishlist/manager/BBBGiftlistManager.java:54:	Parameter 'pPricingTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/wishlist/manager/BBBGiftlistManager.java:62:	Parameter 'giftlistTools' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/wishlist/manager/BBBGiftlistManager.java:66:	Avoid long parameter lists.
src/com/bbb/wishlist/manager/BBBGiftlistManager.java:66:	Parameter 'pCatalogRef' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/wishlist/manager/BBBGiftlistManager.java:66:	Parameter 'pCatalogRefId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/wishlist/manager/BBBGiftlistManager.java:67:	Parameter 'pProductId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/wishlist/manager/BBBGiftlistManager.java:67:	Parameter 'pProductRef' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/wishlist/manager/BBBGiftlistManager.java:67:	Parameter 'pQuantityDesired' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/wishlist/manager/BBBGiftlistManager.java:68:	Parameter 'pDescription' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/wishlist/manager/BBBGiftlistManager.java:68:	Parameter 'pDisplayName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/wishlist/manager/BBBGiftlistManager.java:69:	Parameter 'previousPrice' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/wishlist/manager/BBBGiftlistManager.java:69:	Parameter 'registryId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/wishlist/manager/BBBGiftlistManager.java:71:	Local variable 'tools' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/wishlist/manager/BBBGiftlistManager.java:72:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'itemId' (lines '72'-'104').
src/com/bbb/wishlist/manager/BBBGiftlistManager.java:76:	Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/wishlist/manager/BBBGiftlistManager.java:91:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/com/bbb/wishlist/manager/BBBGiftlistManager.java:106:	Avoid empty catch blocks
src/com/bbb/wishlist/manager/BBBGiftlistManager.java:114:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'giftListVO' (lines '114'-'118').
src/com/bbb/wishlist/manager/BBBGiftlistManager.java:114:	Parameter 'pGiftListVOs' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/wishlist/manager/BBBGiftlistManager.java:114:	Parameter 'pGiftlistId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/wishlist/manager/BBBGiftlistManager.java:115:	Local variable 'giftListVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/wishlist/manager/BBBGiftlistManager.java:116:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'siteId' (lines '116'-'116').
src/com/bbb/wishlist/manager/BBBGiftlistManager.java:116:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'siteId' (lines '116'-'162').
src/com/bbb/wishlist/manager/BBBGiftlistManager.java:116:	Local variable 'siteId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/wishlist/manager/BBBGiftlistManager.java:123:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/com/bbb/wishlist/manager/BBBGiftlistManager.java:164:	Parameter 'prodID' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/wishlist/manager/BBBGiftlistManager.java:164:	Parameter 'skuID' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/wishlist/manager/BBBGiftlistManager.java:164:	The method 'addCatalogItemToGiftlist' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 20.
src/com/bbb/wishlist/manager/BBBGiftlistManager.java:164:	The method addCatalogItemToGiftlist() has an NPath complexity of 336
src/com/bbb/wishlist/manager/BBBGiftlistManager.java:165:	Parameter 'pGiftlistId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/wishlist/manager/BBBGiftlistManager.java:165:	Parameter 'previousPrice' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/wishlist/manager/BBBGiftlistManager.java:165:	Parameter 'quantity' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/wishlist/manager/BBBGiftlistManager.java:165:	Parameter 'siteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/wishlist/manager/BBBGiftlistManager.java:172:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'giftId' (lines '172'-'227').
src/com/bbb/wishlist/manager/BBBGiftlistManager.java:175:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/com/bbb/wishlist/manager/BBBGiftlistManager.java:175:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'displayName' (lines '175'-'227').
src/com/bbb/wishlist/manager/BBBGiftlistManager.java:176:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/com/bbb/wishlist/manager/BBBGiftlistManager.java:176:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'description' (lines '176'-'227').
src/com/bbb/wishlist/manager/BBBGiftlistManager.java:178:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/com/bbb/wishlist/manager/BBBGiftlistManager.java:195:	Local variable 'items' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/wishlist/manager/BBBGiftlistManager.java:198:	Local variable 'iterator' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/wishlist/manager/BBBGiftlistManager.java:201:	Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/wishlist/manager/BBBGiftlistManager.java:202:	Local variable 'regId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/wishlist/manager/BBBGiftlistManager.java:214:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/wishlist/manager/BBBGiftlistManager.java:218:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/com/bbb/wishlist/manager/BBBGiftlistManager.java:220:	Local variable 'itemId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/wishlist/manager/BBBGiftlistManager.java:236:	Avoid excessively long variable names like repositoryKeyService
src/com/bbb/wishlist/manager/BBBGiftlistManager.java:236:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'repositoryKeyService' (lines '236'-'243').
src/com/bbb/wishlist/manager/BBBGiftlistManager.java:237:	Local variable 'nucleus' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/wishlist/manager/BBBGiftlistManager.java:240:	Local variable 'keyService' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/wishlist/manager/BBBGiftlistManager.java:258:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'item' (lines '258'-'293').
src/com/bbb/wishlist/manager/BBBGiftlistManager.java:258:	Parameter 'pJsonResultString' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/wishlist/manager/BBBGiftlistManager.java:258:	Parameter 'pOmniProdList' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/wishlist/manager/BBBGiftlistManager.java:258:	Parameter 'pParentProduct' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/wishlist/manager/BBBGiftlistManager.java:258:	The method 'addItemJSONObjectParser' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/com/bbb/wishlist/manager/BBBGiftlistManager.java:260:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'logMessage' (lines '260'-'327').
src/com/bbb/wishlist/manager/BBBGiftlistManager.java:265:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'jsonObject' (lines '265'-'267').
src/com/bbb/wishlist/manager/BBBGiftlistManager.java:266:	Local variable 'pricingTools' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/wishlist/manager/BBBGiftlistManager.java:268:	Local variable 'JSONResultbean' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/wishlist/manager/BBBGiftlistManager.java:268:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'JSONResultbean' starts with uppercase character.
src/com/bbb/wishlist/manager/BBBGiftlistManager.java:269:	Avoid excessively long variable names like dynaBeanProperties
src/com/bbb/wishlist/manager/BBBGiftlistManager.java:269:	Local variable 'dynaBeanProperties' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/wishlist/manager/BBBGiftlistManager.java:270:	Local variable 'additemList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/wishlist/manager/BBBGiftlistManager.java:271:	Local variable 'keySvice' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/wishlist/manager/BBBGiftlistManager.java:272:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'reqLocale' (lines '272'-'274').
src/com/bbb/wishlist/manager/BBBGiftlistManager.java:276:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'currencySymbol' (lines '276'-'280').
src/com/bbb/wishlist/manager/BBBGiftlistManager.java:276:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'currencySymbol' (lines '276'-'284').
src/com/bbb/wishlist/manager/BBBGiftlistManager.java:279:	Avoid unused local variables such as '_tmp2'.
src/com/bbb/wishlist/manager/BBBGiftlistManager.java:279:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable '_tmp2' (lines '279'-'327').
src/com/bbb/wishlist/manager/BBBGiftlistManager.java:279:	Local variable '_tmp2' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/wishlist/manager/BBBGiftlistManager.java:279:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), '_tmp2' is not final.
src/com/bbb/wishlist/manager/BBBGiftlistManager.java:280:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'currencySymbol' (lines '280'-'327').
src/com/bbb/wishlist/manager/BBBGiftlistManager.java:283:	Avoid unused local variables such as '_tmp3'.
src/com/bbb/wishlist/manager/BBBGiftlistManager.java:283:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable '_tmp3' (lines '283'-'327').
src/com/bbb/wishlist/manager/BBBGiftlistManager.java:283:	Local variable '_tmp3' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/wishlist/manager/BBBGiftlistManager.java:283:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), '_tmp3' is not final.
src/com/bbb/wishlist/manager/BBBGiftlistManager.java:284:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'currencySymbol' (lines '284'-'327').
src/com/bbb/wishlist/manager/BBBGiftlistManager.java:287:	Local variable 'itemArray' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/wishlist/manager/BBBGiftlistManager.java:290:	Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/wishlist/manager/BBBGiftlistManager.java:292:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/wishlist/manager/BBBGiftlistManager.java:292:	Local variable 'giftListVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/wishlist/manager/BBBGiftlistManager.java:307:	Local variable 'doublePrice' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/wishlist/manager/BBBGiftlistManager.java:334:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'item' (lines '334'-'350').
src/com/bbb/wishlist/manager/BBBGiftlistManager.java:334:	Parameter 'JSONResultbean' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/wishlist/manager/BBBGiftlistManager.java:334:	The method 'parseSavedItemListJson' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/com/bbb/wishlist/manager/BBBGiftlistManager.java:334:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'JSONResultbean' starts with uppercase character.
src/com/bbb/wishlist/manager/BBBGiftlistManager.java:335:	Avoid excessively long variable names like dynaBeanProperties
src/com/bbb/wishlist/manager/BBBGiftlistManager.java:335:	Local variable 'dynaBeanProperties' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/wishlist/manager/BBBGiftlistManager.java:336:	Local variable 'itemsList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/wishlist/manager/BBBGiftlistManager.java:337:	The String literal "savedItemsList" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 337
src/com/bbb/wishlist/manager/BBBGiftlistManager.java:340:	Local variable 'dynaClass' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/wishlist/manager/BBBGiftlistManager.java:341:	Local variable 'dynaProp' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/wishlist/manager/BBBGiftlistManager.java:343:	Local variable 'name' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/wishlist/manager/BBBGiftlistManager.java:344:	Position literals first in String comparisons
src/com/bbb/wishlist/manager/BBBGiftlistManager.java:346:	Local variable 'itemArray' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/wishlist/manager/BBBGiftlistManager.java:347:	Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/wishlist/manager/BBBGiftlistManager.java:349:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/wishlist/manager/BBBGiftlistManager.java:349:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'giftListVO' (lines '349'-'351').
src/com/bbb/wishlist/manager/BBBGiftlistManager.java:350:	Local variable 'itemProperties' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/wishlist/manager/BBBGiftlistManager.java:351:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/wishlist/manager/BBBGiftlistManager.java:357:	Local variable 'obj' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/wishlist/manager/BBBGiftlistManager.java:358:	No need to check for null before an instanceof
src/com/bbb/wishlist/manager/BBBGiftlistManager.java:360:	No need to check for null before an instanceof
src/com/bbb/wishlist/manager/BBBGiftlistManager.java:391:	Parameter 'pGiftlistId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/wishlist/manager/BBBGiftlistManager.java:391:	Parameter 'pProductId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/wishlist/manager/BBBGiftlistManager.java:391:	Parameter 'pRegistryId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/wishlist/manager/BBBGiftlistManager.java:391:	Parameter 'pSkuId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/wishlist/manager/BBBGiftlistManager.java:391:	The method 'getGiftlistItemId' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 16.
src/com/bbb/wishlist/manager/BBBGiftlistManager.java:399:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'giftId' (lines '399'-'411').
src/com/bbb/wishlist/manager/BBBGiftlistManager.java:399:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'giftId' (lines '399'-'417').
src/com/bbb/wishlist/manager/BBBGiftlistManager.java:400:	Local variable 'items' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/wishlist/manager/BBBGiftlistManager.java:403:	Local variable 'iterator' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/wishlist/manager/BBBGiftlistManager.java:406:	Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/wishlist/manager/BBBGiftlistManager.java:407:	Local variable 'regId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/wishlist/manager/BBBGiftlistManager.java:411:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'giftId' (lines '411'-'411').
src/com/bbb/wishlist/manager/BBBGiftlistManager.java:411:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'giftId' (lines '411'-'417').
src/com/bbb/wishlist/manager/BBBGiftlistManager.java:417:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'giftId' (lines '417'-'411').
src/com/bbb/wishlist/manager/BBBGiftlistManager.java:417:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'giftId' (lines '417'-'417').
src/com/bbb/wishlist/manager/BBBGiftlistManager.java:430:	Parameter 'pDynaBean' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/wishlist/manager/BBBGiftlistManager.java:432:	Local variable 'dynaClass' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/wishlist/manager/BBBGiftlistManager.java:433:	Local variable 'properties' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/wishlist/manager/BBBGiftlistManager.java:434:	Local variable 'propertyNames' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/wishlist/manager/BBBGiftlistManager.java:436:	Local variable 'name' could be declared final
