src/com/bbb/account/ActivateCouponMarshaller.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/com/bbb/account/ActivateCouponMarshaller.java:9:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/account/ActivateCouponMarshaller.java:20:	Avoid unused imports such as 'org.dozer.DozerBeanMapper'
src/com/bbb/account/ActivateCouponMarshaller.java:37:	Parameter 'pReqVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/ActivateCouponMarshaller.java:42:	Avoid excessively long variable names like activateBigBlueDocument
src/com/bbb/account/ActivateCouponMarshaller.java:42:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'activateBigBlueDocument' (lines '42'-'44').
src/com/bbb/account/ActivateCouponMarshaller.java:44:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/com/bbb/account/ActivateCouponMarshaller.java:45:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/account/ActivateCouponMarshaller.java:60:	Parameter 'pReqVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/ActivateCouponMarshaller.java:66:	Local variable 'activateBigBlue' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/ActivateCouponMarshaller.java:66:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/com/bbb/account/ActivateCouponMarshaller.java:71:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/account/ActivateCouponMarshaller.java:71:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/account/ActivateCouponMarshaller.java:71:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/account/ActivateCouponMarshaller.java:72:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/account/ActivateCouponMarshaller.java:72:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/account/ActivateCouponMarshaller.java:72:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/account/ActivateCouponMarshaller.java:73:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/account/ActivateCouponMarshaller.java:73:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/account/ActivateCouponMarshaller.java:73:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/account/ActivateCouponMarshaller.java:74:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/account/ActivateCouponMarshaller.java:74:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/account/ActivateCouponMarshaller.java:75:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/com/bbb/account/ActivateCouponMarshaller.java:75:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/com/bbb/account/ActivateCouponMarshaller.java:75:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/account/ActivateCouponMarshaller.java:77:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/account/ActivateCouponMarshaller.java:79:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/account/ActivateCouponMarshaller.java:79:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/account/ActivateCouponMarshaller.java:80:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/com/bbb/account/ActivateCouponMarshaller.java:80:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/com/bbb/account/ActivateCouponMarshaller.java:80:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/account/ActivateCouponMarshaller.java:82:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/account/ActivateCouponMarshaller.java:84:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/account/ActivateCouponMarshaller.java:84:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/account/ActivateCouponMarshaller.java:84:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/account/ActivateCouponMarshaller.java:85:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/account/ActivateCouponMarshaller.java:85:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/account/ActivateCouponMarshaller.java:85:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/account/ActivateCouponUnMarshaller.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/com/bbb/account/ActivateCouponUnMarshaller.java:9:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/account/ActivateCouponUnMarshaller.java:44:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'activateCpnResVO' (lines '44'-'51').
src/com/bbb/account/ActivateCouponUnMarshaller.java:48:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/account/ActivateCouponUnMarshaller.java:49:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/account/ActivateCouponUnMarshaller.java:50:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/account/ActivateCouponUnMarshaller.java:55:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/account/ActivateCouponUnMarshaller.java:74:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/account/ActivateCouponUnMarshaller.java:76:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/account/ForgetPasswordMarshaller.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/com/bbb/account/ForgetPasswordMarshaller.java:9:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/account/ForgetPasswordMarshaller.java:37:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pForgetPasswordReqVO
src/com/bbb/account/ForgetPasswordMarshaller.java:37:	Parameter 'pForgetPasswordReqVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/ForgetPasswordMarshaller.java:43:	Avoid excessively long variable names like forgetPasswordDocument
src/com/bbb/account/ForgetPasswordMarshaller.java:43:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'forgetPasswordDocument' (lines '43'-'45').
src/com/bbb/account/ForgetPasswordMarshaller.java:45:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/com/bbb/account/ForgetPasswordMarshaller.java:46:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/account/ForgetPasswordMarshaller.java:62:	Parameter 'pReqVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/ForgetPasswordMarshaller.java:71:	Local variable 'forgetPassword' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/ForgetPasswordMarshaller.java:71:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/com/bbb/account/ForgetPasswordMarshaller.java:73:	Local variable 'mapper' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/ForgetPasswordMarshaller.java:73:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/account/ForgetPasswordMarshaller.java:75:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/account/ForgetPasswordUnMarshaller.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/com/bbb/account/ForgetPasswordUnMarshaller.java:9:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/account/ForgetPasswordUnMarshaller.java:37:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pForgetPasswordResponseDocument
src/com/bbb/account/ForgetPasswordUnMarshaller.java:44:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'forgetPassResVO' (lines '44'-'51').
src/com/bbb/account/ForgetPasswordUnMarshaller.java:48:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/account/ForgetPasswordUnMarshaller.java:49:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/account/ForgetPasswordUnMarshaller.java:50:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/account/ForgetPasswordUnMarshaller.java:55:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/account/ForgetPasswordUnMarshaller.java:72:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/account/ForgetPasswordUnMarshaller.java:74:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/account/GetAccountInfoMarshaller.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/com/bbb/account/GetAccountInfoMarshaller.java:9:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/account/GetAccountInfoMarshaller.java:38:	Parameter 'pReqVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/GetAccountInfoMarshaller.java:44:	Avoid excessively long variable names like getAccountInfoDocument
src/com/bbb/account/GetAccountInfoMarshaller.java:44:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'getAccountInfoDocument' (lines '44'-'46').
src/com/bbb/account/GetAccountInfoMarshaller.java:46:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/com/bbb/account/GetAccountInfoMarshaller.java:47:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/account/GetAccountInfoMarshaller.java:62:	Parameter 'pReqVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/GetAccountInfoMarshaller.java:68:	Local variable 'getAccountInfo' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/GetAccountInfoMarshaller.java:68:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/com/bbb/account/GetAccountInfoMarshaller.java:70:	Local variable 'mapper' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/GetAccountInfoMarshaller.java:70:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/account/GetAccountInfoMarshaller.java:72:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/account/GetAccountInfoUnMarshaller.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/com/bbb/account/GetAccountInfoUnMarshaller.java:9:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/account/GetAccountInfoUnMarshaller.java:46:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'getAccInfoResVO' (lines '46'-'56').
src/com/bbb/account/GetAccountInfoUnMarshaller.java:50:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/account/GetAccountInfoUnMarshaller.java:52:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/account/GetAccountInfoUnMarshaller.java:55:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/account/GetAccountInfoUnMarshaller.java:75:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/account/GetAccountInfoUnMarshaller.java:77:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/account/GetCouponsServiceMarshaller.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/com/bbb/account/GetCouponsServiceMarshaller.java:2:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/account/GetCouponsServiceMarshaller.java:11:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/account/GetCouponsServiceMarshaller.java:37:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/account/GetCouponsServiceMarshaller.java:38:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/account/GetCouponsServiceMarshaller.java:50:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/account/GetCouponsServiceMarshaller.java:52:	Parameter 'pReqVo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/GetCouponsServiceMarshaller.java:58:	Avoid excessively long variable names like getCouponsDocument
src/com/bbb/account/GetCouponsServiceMarshaller.java:58:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'getCouponsDocument' (lines '58'-'60').
src/com/bbb/account/GetCouponsServiceMarshaller.java:60:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/com/bbb/account/GetCouponsServiceMarshaller.java:61:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/account/GetCouponsServiceMarshaller.java:67:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/account/GetCouponsServiceMarshaller.java:78:	Parameter 'pReqVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/GetCouponsServiceMarshaller.java:83:	Local variable 'getCoupons' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/GetCouponsServiceMarshaller.java:83:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/com/bbb/account/GetCouponsServiceMarshaller.java:84:	Local variable 'mapper' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/GetCouponsServiceMarshaller.java:84:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/account/GetCouponsServiceMarshaller.java:87:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/account/GetCouponsServiceUnMarshaller.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/com/bbb/account/GetCouponsServiceUnMarshaller.java:2:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/account/GetCouponsServiceUnMarshaller.java:11:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/account/GetCouponsServiceUnMarshaller.java:49:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'couponsResponseVo' (lines '49'-'57').
src/com/bbb/account/GetCouponsServiceUnMarshaller.java:49:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'couponsResponseVo' (lines '49'-'60').
src/com/bbb/account/GetCouponsServiceUnMarshaller.java:53:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/account/GetCouponsServiceUnMarshaller.java:56:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/account/GetCouponsServiceUnMarshaller.java:56:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/account/GetCouponsServiceUnMarshaller.java:85:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/account/GetCouponsServiceUnMarshaller.java:88:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/account/GetCouponsServiceUnMarshaller.java:129:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/account/GetCouponsServiceUnMarshaller.java:132:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/account/GetOrderTrackingInfoServiceMarshaller.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/com/bbb/account/GetOrderTrackingInfoServiceMarshaller.java:48:	Parameter 'pRreqVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/GetOrderTrackingInfoServiceMarshaller.java:54:	Avoid excessively long variable names like getOrderTrackingInfoDocument
src/com/bbb/account/GetOrderTrackingInfoServiceMarshaller.java:54:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'getOrderTrackingInfoDocument' (lines '54'-'57').
src/com/bbb/account/GetOrderTrackingInfoServiceMarshaller.java:57:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/com/bbb/account/GetOrderTrackingInfoServiceMarshaller.java:58:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/account/GetOrderTrackingInfoServiceMarshaller.java:74:	Parameter 'pReqVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/GetOrderTrackingInfoServiceMarshaller.java:79:	Avoid excessively long variable names like getOrderTrackingInfo
src/com/bbb/account/GetOrderTrackingInfoServiceMarshaller.java:79:	Local variable 'getOrderTrackingInfo' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/GetOrderTrackingInfoServiceMarshaller.java:79:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/com/bbb/account/GetOrderTrackingInfoServiceMarshaller.java:80:	Local variable 'mapper' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/GetOrderTrackingInfoServiceMarshaller.java:80:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/account/GetOrderTrackingInfoServiceMarshaller.java:83:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/account/GetOrderTrackingInfoServiceUnMarshaller.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/com/bbb/account/GetOrderTrackingInfoServiceUnMarshaller.java:9:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/account/GetOrderTrackingInfoServiceUnMarshaller.java:59:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'orderTrackResVO' (lines '59'-'70').
src/com/bbb/account/GetOrderTrackingInfoServiceUnMarshaller.java:59:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'orderTrackResVO' (lines '59'-'73').
src/com/bbb/account/GetOrderTrackingInfoServiceUnMarshaller.java:63:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/account/GetOrderTrackingInfoServiceUnMarshaller.java:69:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/account/GetOrderTrackingInfoServiceUnMarshaller.java:69:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/account/GetOrderTrackingInfoServiceUnMarshaller.java:96:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/account/GetOrderTrackingInfoServiceUnMarshaller.java:99:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/account/GetOrderTrackingInfoServiceUnMarshaller.java:139:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/account/GetOrderTrackingInfoServiceUnMarshaller.java:142:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/account/OrderDetailsMarshaller.java:35:	Parameter 'reqVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/OrderDetailsMarshaller.java:39:	Avoid excessively long variable names like getOrderDetailDocument
src/com/bbb/account/OrderDetailsMarshaller.java:39:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'getOrderDetailDocument' (lines '39'-'41').
src/com/bbb/account/OrderDetailsMarshaller.java:41:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/com/bbb/account/OrderDetailsMarshaller.java:43:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/account/OrderDetailsMarshaller.java:58:	Parameter 'reqVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/OrderDetailsMarshaller.java:64:	Local variable 'getOrderDetail' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/OrderDetailsMarshaller.java:64:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/com/bbb/account/OrderDetailsMarshaller.java:66:	Local variable 'mapper' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/OrderDetailsMarshaller.java:66:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/account/OrderDetailsMarshaller.java:68:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/account/OrderDetailsUnMarshaller.java:38:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'orderDetailsResVO' (lines '38'-'48').
src/com/bbb/account/OrderDetailsUnMarshaller.java:40:	Avoid excessively long variable names like orderDetailsResDoc
src/com/bbb/account/OrderDetailsUnMarshaller.java:41:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/account/OrderDetailsUnMarshaller.java:44:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/account/OrderDetailsUnMarshaller.java:45:	Avoid excessively long variable names like orderDetailInfoReturn
src/com/bbb/account/OrderDetailsUnMarshaller.java:45:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/account/OrderDetailsUnMarshaller.java:52:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/account/OrderDetailsUnMarshaller.java:61:	Avoid excessively long variable names like porderDetailInfoReturn
src/com/bbb/account/OrderDetailsUnMarshaller.java:67:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/account/OrderDetailsUnMarshaller.java:69:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/account/OrderHistoryMarshaller.java:27:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/com/bbb/account/OrderHistoryMarshaller.java:47:	Parameter 'reqVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/OrderHistoryMarshaller.java:51:	Avoid excessively long variable names like getOrderHistoryDocument
src/com/bbb/account/OrderHistoryMarshaller.java:51:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'getOrderHistoryDocument' (lines '51'-'53').
src/com/bbb/account/OrderHistoryMarshaller.java:53:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/com/bbb/account/OrderHistoryMarshaller.java:55:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/account/OrderHistoryMarshaller.java:70:	Parameter 'reqVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/OrderHistoryMarshaller.java:76:	Local variable 'getOrderHistory' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/OrderHistoryMarshaller.java:76:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/com/bbb/account/OrderHistoryMarshaller.java:78:	Local variable 'mapper' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/OrderHistoryMarshaller.java:78:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/account/OrderHistoryMarshaller.java:80:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/account/OrderHistoryUnMarshaller.java:11:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.exception.BBBBusinessException'
src/com/bbb/account/OrderHistoryUnMarshaller.java:28:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/com/bbb/account/OrderHistoryUnMarshaller.java:55:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'orderHistoryResVO' (lines '55'-'66').
src/com/bbb/account/OrderHistoryUnMarshaller.java:57:	Avoid excessively long variable names like orderHistoryResDoc
src/com/bbb/account/OrderHistoryUnMarshaller.java:58:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/account/OrderHistoryUnMarshaller.java:61:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/account/OrderHistoryUnMarshaller.java:62:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/account/OrderHistoryUnMarshaller.java:70:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/account/OrderHistoryUnMarshaller.java:85:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/account/OrderHistoryUnMarshaller.java:87:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/account/ProcessCouponInfoMarshaller.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/com/bbb/account/ProcessCouponInfoMarshaller.java:22:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.constants.BBBCoreConstants'
src/com/bbb/account/ProcessCouponInfoMarshaller.java:27:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.framework.performance.BBBPerformanceConstants'
src/com/bbb/account/ProcessCouponInfoMarshaller.java:28:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.framework.performance.BBBPerformanceMonitor'
src/com/bbb/account/ProcessCouponInfoMarshaller.java:37:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/com/bbb/account/ProcessCouponInfoMarshaller.java:46:	Parameter 'pReqVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/ProcessCouponInfoMarshaller.java:50:	Avoid excessively long variable names like processCouponDocument
src/com/bbb/account/ProcessCouponInfoMarshaller.java:50:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'processCouponDocument' (lines '50'-'53').
src/com/bbb/account/ProcessCouponInfoMarshaller.java:53:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/com/bbb/account/ProcessCouponInfoMarshaller.java:55:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/account/ProcessCouponInfoMarshaller.java:73:	Parameter 'pReqVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/ProcessCouponInfoMarshaller.java:77:	Local variable 'processCoupon' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/ProcessCouponInfoMarshaller.java:77:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/com/bbb/account/ProcessCouponInfoMarshaller.java:79:	Local variable 'mapper' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/ProcessCouponInfoMarshaller.java:79:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/account/ProcessCouponInfoMarshaller.java:81:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/account/ProcessCouponInfoUnMarshaller.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/com/bbb/account/ProcessCouponInfoUnMarshaller.java:9:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/account/ProcessCouponInfoUnMarshaller.java:50:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'couponsResponseVO' (lines '50'-'63').
src/com/bbb/account/ProcessCouponInfoUnMarshaller.java:50:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'couponsResponseVO' (lines '50'-'66').
src/com/bbb/account/ProcessCouponInfoUnMarshaller.java:55:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/account/ProcessCouponInfoUnMarshaller.java:62:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/account/ProcessCouponInfoUnMarshaller.java:96:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/account/ProcessCouponInfoUnMarshaller.java:98:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/account/ProcessCouponInfoUnMarshaller.java:145:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/account/ProcessCouponInfoUnMarshaller.java:147:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/account/UpdateRegistryWithAtgInfoServiceMarshaller.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/com/bbb/account/UpdateRegistryWithAtgInfoServiceMarshaller.java:47:	Parameter 'pRreqVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/UpdateRegistryWithAtgInfoServiceMarshaller.java:52:	Avoid excessively long variable names like registryWithAtgInfoDocument
src/com/bbb/account/UpdateRegistryWithAtgInfoServiceMarshaller.java:52:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'registryWithAtgInfoDocument' (lines '52'-'54').
src/com/bbb/account/UpdateRegistryWithAtgInfoServiceMarshaller.java:54:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/com/bbb/account/UpdateRegistryWithAtgInfoServiceMarshaller.java:55:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/account/UpdateRegistryWithAtgInfoServiceMarshaller.java:70:	Parameter 'pReqVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/UpdateRegistryWithAtgInfoServiceMarshaller.java:74:	Avoid excessively long variable names like registryWithAtgInfo
src/com/bbb/account/UpdateRegistryWithAtgInfoServiceMarshaller.java:74:	Local variable 'registryWithAtgInfo' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/UpdateRegistryWithAtgInfoServiceMarshaller.java:74:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/com/bbb/account/UpdateRegistryWithAtgInfoServiceMarshaller.java:75:	Local variable 'mapper' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/UpdateRegistryWithAtgInfoServiceMarshaller.java:75:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/account/UpdateRegistryWithAtgInfoServiceMarshaller.java:77:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/account/UpdateRegistryWithAtgInfoServiceUnMarshaller.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/com/bbb/account/UpdateRegistryWithAtgInfoServiceUnMarshaller.java:9:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/account/UpdateRegistryWithAtgInfoServiceUnMarshaller.java:53:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'profileSyncResVO' (lines '53'-'60').
src/com/bbb/account/UpdateRegistryWithAtgInfoServiceUnMarshaller.java:56:	Avoid excessively long variable names like updateRegWithAtgInfoResDoc
src/com/bbb/account/UpdateRegistryWithAtgInfoServiceUnMarshaller.java:57:	Avoid excessively long variable names like updateRegWithAtgInfoRes
src/com/bbb/account/UpdateRegistryWithAtgInfoServiceUnMarshaller.java:57:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/account/UpdateRegistryWithAtgInfoServiceUnMarshaller.java:58:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/account/UpdateRegistryWithAtgInfoServiceUnMarshaller.java:59:	Avoid excessively long variable names like updateRegWithAtgInfoReturn
src/com/bbb/account/UpdateRegistryWithAtgInfoServiceUnMarshaller.java:59:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/account/UpdateRegistryWithAtgInfoServiceUnMarshaller.java:63:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/account/UpdateRegistryWithAtgInfoServiceUnMarshaller.java:71:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pUpdateRegWithAtgInfoReturn
src/com/bbb/account/UpdateRegistryWithAtgInfoServiceUnMarshaller.java:81:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/account/UpdateRegistryWithAtgInfoServiceUnMarshaller.java:83:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/account/ValidateOldAccountMarshaller.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/com/bbb/account/ValidateOldAccountMarshaller.java:9:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/account/ValidateOldAccountMarshaller.java:40:	Parameter 'pReqVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/ValidateOldAccountMarshaller.java:48:	Avoid excessively long variable names like validateOldAccountDocument
src/com/bbb/account/ValidateOldAccountMarshaller.java:48:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'validateOldAccountDocument' (lines '48'-'50').
src/com/bbb/account/ValidateOldAccountMarshaller.java:50:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/com/bbb/account/ValidateOldAccountMarshaller.java:51:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/account/ValidateOldAccountMarshaller.java:67:	Parameter 'pReqVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/ValidateOldAccountMarshaller.java:75:	Avoid excessively long variable names like validateOldAccount
src/com/bbb/account/ValidateOldAccountMarshaller.java:75:	Local variable 'validateOldAccount' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/ValidateOldAccountMarshaller.java:75:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/com/bbb/account/ValidateOldAccountMarshaller.java:77:	Local variable 'mapper' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/account/ValidateOldAccountMarshaller.java:77:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/account/ValidateOldAccountMarshaller.java:79:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/account/ValidateOldAccountUnMarshaller.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/com/bbb/account/ValidateOldAccountUnMarshaller.java:9:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/account/ValidateOldAccountUnMarshaller.java:46:	Avoid excessively long variable names like validateOldAccResVO
src/com/bbb/account/ValidateOldAccountUnMarshaller.java:46:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'validateOldAccResVO' (lines '46'-'51').
src/com/bbb/account/ValidateOldAccountUnMarshaller.java:47:	Avoid excessively long variable names like validateOldAccResDoc
src/com/bbb/account/ValidateOldAccountUnMarshaller.java:48:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/account/ValidateOldAccountUnMarshaller.java:49:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/account/ValidateOldAccountUnMarshaller.java:50:	Avoid excessively long variable names like validateOldAccReturn
src/com/bbb/account/ValidateOldAccountUnMarshaller.java:50:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/account/ValidateOldAccountUnMarshaller.java:55:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/account/ValidateOldAccountUnMarshaller.java:63:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pValidateOldAccReturn
src/com/bbb/account/ValidateOldAccountUnMarshaller.java:70:	Avoid excessively long variable names like validateOldAccResVO
src/com/bbb/account/ValidateOldAccountUnMarshaller.java:72:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/account/ValidateOldAccountUnMarshaller.java:74:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/SupplyBalanceMarshaller.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/SupplyBalanceMarshaller.java:2:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/SupplyBalanceMarshaller.java:11:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/SupplyBalanceMarshaller.java:16:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.IllegalFormatException'
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/SupplyBalanceMarshaller.java:19:	Avoid unused imports such as 'org.dozer.DozerBeanMapper'
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/SupplyBalanceMarshaller.java:20:	Avoid unused imports such as 'org.dozer.MappingException'
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/SupplyBalanceMarshaller.java:29:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bedbathandbeyond.www.GetCouponsDocument'
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/SupplyBalanceMarshaller.java:30:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bedbathandbeyond.www.GetCouponsDocument.GetCoupons'
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/SupplyBalanceMarshaller.java:31:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bedbathandbeyond.www.ProcessCouponDocument.ProcessCoupon'
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/SupplyBalanceMarshaller.java:32:	Avoid unused imports such as 'org.xmlsoap.schemas.soap.encoding.String'
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/SupplyBalanceMarshaller.java:60:	Avoid excessively long variable names like supplyBalanceDocument
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/SupplyBalanceMarshaller.java:60:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/SupplyBalanceMarshaller.java:63:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/SupplyBalanceMarshaller.java:66:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/SupplyBalanceMarshaller.java:66:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/SupplyBalanceMarshaller.java:66:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/SupplyBalanceMarshaller.java:68:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/SupplyBalanceUnMarshaller.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/SupplyBalanceUnMarshaller.java:2:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/SupplyBalanceUnMarshaller.java:11:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/SupplyBalanceUnMarshaller.java:51:	Avoid excessively long variable names like supplyBalanceResVO
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/SupplyBalanceUnMarshaller.java:54:	Avoid excessively long variable names like supplyBalanceResDoc
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/SupplyBalanceUnMarshaller.java:56:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/SupplyBalanceUnMarshaller.java:59:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/SupplyBalanceUnMarshaller.java:60:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/SupplyBalanceUnMarshaller.java:60:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/SupplyBalanceUnMarshaller.java:63:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/SupplyBalanceUnMarshaller.java:66:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/input/Header.java:2:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/input/Header.java:4:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/input/Header.java:18:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/input/Header.java:21:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/input/Header.java:28:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/input/Header.java:29:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/input/Header.java:30:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/input/Header.java:31:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/input/Header.java:32:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/input/Header.java:33:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/input/Header.java:34:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/input/Header.java:35:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/input/Header.java:36:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/input/Header.java:37:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/input/Header.java:38:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/input/Header.java:39:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/input/Header.java:115:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/input/Header.java:139:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/input/Header.java:163:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/input/Header.java:187:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/input/Header.java:211:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/input/Header.java:235:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/input/Header.java:259:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/input/Header.java:283:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/input/Header.java:307:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/input/Header.java:331:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/input/Header.java:361:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/input/Header.java:390:	Parameter 'msgTimeZone' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/input/LineItem.java:2:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/input/LineItem.java:4:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/input/LineItem.java:18:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/input/LineItem.java:21:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/input/LineItem.java:28:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/input/LineItem.java:29:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/input/LineItem.java:30:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/input/LineItem.java:31:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/input/LineItem.java:32:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/input/LineItem.java:33:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/input/LineItem.java:88:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/input/LineItem.java:112:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/input/LineItem.java:136:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/input/LineItem.java:160:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/input/LineItem.java:184:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/input/LineItem.java:192:	Parameter 'segment' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/input/Message.java:2:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/input/Message.java:4:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/input/Message.java:20:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/input/Message.java:23:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/input/Message.java:47:	Avoid excessively long variable names like supplyBalanceInput
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/input/Message.java:51:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/input/Message.java:58:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/input/Message.java:80:	Avoid excessively long variable names like supplyBalanceInput
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/input/Message.java:80:	Parameter 'supplyBalanceInput' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/input/ObjectFactory.java:2:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/input/ObjectFactory.java:4:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/input/ObjectFactory.java:14:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/input/ObjectFactory.java:33:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/input/ObjectFactory.java:36:	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/input/ObjectFactory.java:36:	Document empty constructor
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/input/SupplyBalanceInput.java:2:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/input/SupplyBalanceInput.java:4:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/input/SupplyBalanceInput.java:20:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/input/SupplyBalanceInput.java:23:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/input/SupplyBalanceInput.java:30:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/input/SupplyBalanceInput.java:75:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/input/SupplyBalanceInput.java:79:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/input/SupplyBalanceInput.java:108:	Parameter 'lineItem' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/input/TXML.java:2:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/input/TXML.java:4:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/input/TXML.java:18:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/input/TXML.java:21:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/input/TXML.java:44:	A Classname should have a minimum of five characters
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/input/TXML.java:71:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/input/TXML.java:95:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/Error.java:2:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/Error.java:4:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/Error.java:18:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/Error.java:21:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/Error.java:28:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/Error.java:29:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/Error.java:30:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/Error.java:75:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/Error.java:99:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/Error.java:123:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/ErrorList.java:2:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/ErrorList.java:4:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/ErrorList.java:20:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/ErrorList.java:23:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/ErrorList.java:47:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/ErrorList.java:49:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/FutureSupply.java:2:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/FutureSupply.java:4:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/FutureSupply.java:18:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/FutureSupply.java:21:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/FutureSupply.java:28:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/FutureSupply.java:29:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/FutureSupply.java:30:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/FutureSupply.java:31:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/FutureSupply.java:32:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/FutureSupply.java:33:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/FutureSupply.java:34:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/FutureSupply.java:35:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/FutureSupply.java:36:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/FutureSupply.java:37:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/FutureSupply.java:38:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/FutureSupply.java:39:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/FutureSupply.java:40:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/FutureSupply.java:85:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/FutureSupply.java:89:	Avoid excessively long variable names like totalSupplyBalance
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/FutureSupply.java:91:	Avoid excessively long variable names like totalAllocatedQtyFuture
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/FutureSupply.java:93:	Avoid excessively long variable names like totalUnallocatableQty
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/FutureSupply.java:115:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/FutureSupply.java:139:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/FutureSupply.java:163:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/FutureSupply.java:187:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/FutureSupply.java:211:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/FutureSupply.java:235:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/FutureSupply.java:259:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/FutureSupply.java:283:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/FutureSupply.java:307:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/FutureSupply.java:331:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/FutureSupply.java:355:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/FutureSupply.java:379:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/FutureSupply.java:403:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/Header.java:2:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/Header.java:4:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/Header.java:18:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/Header.java:21:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/Header.java:28:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/Header.java:29:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/Header.java:30:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/Header.java:31:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/Header.java:32:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/Header.java:33:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/Header.java:34:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/Header.java:35:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/Header.java:36:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/Header.java:37:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/Header.java:38:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/Header.java:107:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/Header.java:131:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/Header.java:155:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/Header.java:179:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/Header.java:203:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/Header.java:227:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/Header.java:251:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/Header.java:275:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/Header.java:299:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/Header.java:323:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/Header.java:347:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/LineItem.java:2:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/LineItem.java:4:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/LineItem.java:20:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/LineItem.java:23:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/LineItem.java:30:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/LineItem.java:31:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/LineItem.java:32:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/LineItem.java:33:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/LineItem.java:34:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/LineItem.java:35:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/LineItem.java:36:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/LineItem.java:37:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/LineItem.java:38:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/LineItem.java:39:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/LineItem.java:40:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/LineItem.java:41:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/LineItem.java:42:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/LineItem.java:43:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/LineItem.java:44:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/LineItem.java:45:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/LineItem.java:46:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/LineItem.java:47:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/LineItem.java:82:	Too many fields
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/LineItem.java:103:	Avoid excessively long variable names like totalSupplyBalance
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/LineItem.java:105:	Avoid excessively long variable names like totalAllocatedQtyOnhand
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/LineItem.java:107:	Avoid excessively long variable names like totalAllocatedQtyFuture
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/LineItem.java:109:	Avoid excessively long variable names like totalUnallocatableQty
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/LineItem.java:113:	Avoid excessively long variable names like inventoryWatermark
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/LineItem.java:115:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/LineItem.java:121:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/LineItem.java:145:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/LineItem.java:169:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/LineItem.java:193:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/LineItem.java:217:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/LineItem.java:241:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/LineItem.java:265:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/LineItem.java:289:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/LineItem.java:313:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/LineItem.java:337:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/LineItem.java:361:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/LineItem.java:385:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/LineItem.java:409:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/LineItem.java:433:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/LineItem.java:457:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/LineItem.java:481:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/LineItem.java:505:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/LineItem.java:529:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/LineItem.java:553:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/LineItem.java:557:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/LineItem.java:564:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/LineItem.java:606:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/Message.java:2:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/Message.java:4:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/Message.java:18:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/Message.java:21:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/Message.java:45:	Avoid excessively long variable names like supplyBalanceOutput
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/Message.java:67:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/ObjectFactory.java:2:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/ObjectFactory.java:4:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/ObjectFactory.java:14:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/ObjectFactory.java:29:	This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/ObjectFactory.java:33:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/ObjectFactory.java:36:	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/ObjectFactory.java:36:	Document empty constructor
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/ObjectFactory.java:68:	Avoid throwing raw exception types.
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/SupplyBalanceOutput.java:2:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/SupplyBalanceOutput.java:4:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/SupplyBalanceOutput.java:20:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/SupplyBalanceOutput.java:23:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/SupplyBalanceOutput.java:30:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/SupplyBalanceOutput.java:31:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/SupplyBalanceOutput.java:32:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/SupplyBalanceOutput.java:33:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/SupplyBalanceOutput.java:34:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/SupplyBalanceOutput.java:35:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/SupplyBalanceOutput.java:63:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/SupplyBalanceOutput.java:65:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/SupplyBalanceOutput.java:67:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/SupplyBalanceOutput.java:89:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/SupplyBalanceOutput.java:113:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/SupplyBalanceOutput.java:137:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/SupplyBalanceOutput.java:141:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/SupplyBalanceOutput.java:148:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/SupplyBalanceOutput.java:170:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/SupplyBalanceOutput.java:177:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/SupplyBalanceOutput.java:199:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/SupplyBalanceOutput.java:206:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/TXML.java:2:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/TXML.java:4:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/TXML.java:18:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/TXML.java:21:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/TXML.java:44:	A Classname should have a minimum of five characters
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/TXML.java:71:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/TXML.java:95:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/ViewByFacility.java:2:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/ViewByFacility.java:4:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/ViewByFacility.java:20:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/ViewByFacility.java:23:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/ViewByFacility.java:47:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/ViewByFacility.java:49:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/ViewByNetwork.java:2:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/ViewByNetwork.java:4:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/ViewByNetwork.java:20:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/ViewByNetwork.java:23:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/ViewByNetwork.java:47:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/ViewByNetwork.java:49:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/ViewBySegment.java:2:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/ViewBySegment.java:4:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/ViewBySegment.java:20:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/ViewBySegment.java:23:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/ViewBySegment.java:47:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/com/bbb/bopus/inventory/output/ViewBySegment.java:49:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/AddItemsToRegistryServiceMarshaller.java:34:	Parameter 'pRreqVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/AddItemsToRegistryServiceMarshaller.java:40:	Avoid excessively long variable names like addItemsToRegistryDocument
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/AddItemsToRegistryServiceMarshaller.java:40:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'addItemsToRegistryDocument' (lines '40'-'42').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/AddItemsToRegistryServiceMarshaller.java:42:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/AddItemsToRegistryServiceMarshaller.java:43:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/AddItemsToRegistryServiceMarshaller.java:52:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/AddItemsToRegistryServiceMarshaller.java:63:	Parameter 'pReqVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/AddItemsToRegistryServiceMarshaller.java:70:	Avoid excessively long variable names like addItemsToRegistry
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/AddItemsToRegistryServiceMarshaller.java:70:	Local variable 'addItemsToRegistry' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/AddItemsToRegistryServiceMarshaller.java:70:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/AddItemsToRegistryServiceMarshaller.java:72:	Local variable 'mapper' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/AddItemsToRegistryServiceMarshaller.java:72:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/AddItemsToRegistryServiceMarshaller.java:75:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/AddItemsToRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:48:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/AddItemsToRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:52:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/AddItemsToRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:52:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/AddItemsToRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:52:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/AddItemsToRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:52:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/AddItemsToRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:54:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/AddItemsToRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:59:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/AddItemsToRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:61:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/AddItemsToRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:61:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/AddItemsToRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:61:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/AddItemsToRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:62:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/AddItemsToRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:62:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/AddItemsToRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:62:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/AddItemsToRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:64:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/AddItemsToRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:64:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/AddItemsToRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:64:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/AddItemsToRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:65:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/AddItemsToRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:65:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/AddItemsToRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:65:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/AnnounceCardCountServiceMarshaller.java:42:	Parameter 'pRreqVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/AnnounceCardCountServiceMarshaller.java:50:	Avoid excessively long variable names like setAnnouncementCardCountDocument
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/AnnounceCardCountServiceMarshaller.java:50:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'setAnnouncementCardCountDocument' (lines '50'-'52').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/AnnounceCardCountServiceMarshaller.java:52:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/AnnounceCardCountServiceMarshaller.java:53:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/AnnounceCardCountServiceMarshaller.java:56:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/AnnounceCardCountServiceMarshaller.java:58:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/AnnounceCardCountServiceMarshaller.java:69:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/AnnounceCardCountServiceMarshaller.java:79:	Parameter 'pReqVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/AnnounceCardCountServiceMarshaller.java:87:	Avoid excessively long variable names like setAnnouncementCardCount
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/AnnounceCardCountServiceMarshaller.java:87:	Local variable 'setAnnouncementCardCount' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/AnnounceCardCountServiceMarshaller.java:87:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/AnnounceCardCountServiceMarshaller.java:89:	Local variable 'mapper' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/AnnounceCardCountServiceMarshaller.java:89:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/AnnounceCardCountServiceMarshaller.java:92:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/AnnounceCardCountServiceUnMarshaller.java:45:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'cardResVO' (lines '45'-'84').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/AnnounceCardCountServiceUnMarshaller.java:50:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/AnnounceCardCountServiceUnMarshaller.java:54:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/AnnounceCardCountServiceUnMarshaller.java:54:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/AnnounceCardCountServiceUnMarshaller.java:54:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/AnnounceCardCountServiceUnMarshaller.java:54:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/AnnounceCardCountServiceUnMarshaller.java:62:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/AnnounceCardCountServiceUnMarshaller.java:64:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/AnnounceCardCountServiceUnMarshaller.java:64:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/AnnounceCardCountServiceUnMarshaller.java:64:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/AnnounceCardCountServiceUnMarshaller.java:65:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/AnnounceCardCountServiceUnMarshaller.java:65:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/AnnounceCardCountServiceUnMarshaller.java:65:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/AnnounceCardCountServiceUnMarshaller.java:66:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/AnnounceCardCountServiceUnMarshaller.java:66:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/AnnounceCardCountServiceUnMarshaller.java:66:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/AnnounceCardCountServiceUnMarshaller.java:67:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/AnnounceCardCountServiceUnMarshaller.java:67:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/AnnounceCardCountServiceUnMarshaller.java:67:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/AnnounceCardCountServiceUnMarshaller.java:73:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/CreateRegistryServiceMarshaller.java:43:	Parameter 'pRreqVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/CreateRegistryServiceMarshaller.java:52:	Avoid excessively long variable names like createRegistryDocument
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/CreateRegistryServiceMarshaller.java:52:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'createRegistryDocument' (lines '52'-'54').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/CreateRegistryServiceMarshaller.java:54:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/CreateRegistryServiceMarshaller.java:55:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/CreateRegistryServiceMarshaller.java:56:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/CreateRegistryServiceMarshaller.java:58:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/CreateRegistryServiceMarshaller.java:69:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/CreateRegistryServiceMarshaller.java:79:	Parameter 'pReqVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/CreateRegistryServiceMarshaller.java:86:	Local variable 'createRegistry' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/CreateRegistryServiceMarshaller.java:86:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/CreateRegistryServiceMarshaller.java:87:	Local variable 'mapper' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/CreateRegistryServiceMarshaller.java:87:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/CreateRegistryServiceMarshaller.java:90:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/CreateRegistryServiceMarshaller.java:97:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/CreateRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:31:	The class 'CreateRegistryServiceUnMarshaller' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 12 (Highest = 11).
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/CreateRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:44:	The method 'processResponse' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/CreateRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:54:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'createRegVO' (lines '54'-'113').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/CreateRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:58:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/CreateRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:62:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/CreateRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:62:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/CreateRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:62:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/CreateRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:62:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/CreateRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:63:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/CreateRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:64:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/CreateRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:64:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/CreateRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:69:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/CreateRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:71:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/CreateRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:71:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/CreateRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:71:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/CreateRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:72:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/CreateRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:72:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/CreateRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:72:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/CreateRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:73:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/CreateRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:73:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/CreateRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:73:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/CreateRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:74:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/CreateRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:74:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/CreateRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:74:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/CreateRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:78:	Local variable 'arrayOfValError' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/CreateRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:78:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/CreateRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:78:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/CreateRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:78:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/CreateRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:79:	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/CreateRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:80:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/CreateRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:81:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/CreateRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:83:	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/CreateRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:84:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/CreateRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:85:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/CreateRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:88:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/CreateRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:90:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'errorKey' (lines '90'-'90').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/CreateRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:90:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'errorKey' (lines '90'-'113').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/CreateRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:90:	Local variable 'errorKey' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/CreateRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:90:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/CreateRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:90:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/CreateRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:91:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'errorValue' (lines '91'-'91').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/CreateRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:91:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'errorValue' (lines '91'-'113').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/CreateRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:91:	Local variable 'errorValue' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/CreateRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:91:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/CreateRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:91:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/CreateRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:92:	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/CreateRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:100:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/DoCoRegistryLinkingServiceMarshaller.java:10:	Avoid unused imports such as 'org.dozer.DozerBeanMapper'
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/DoCoRegistryLinkingServiceMarshaller.java:16:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bbb.commerce.giftregistry.vo.RegistrySearchVO'
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/DoCoRegistryLinkingServiceMarshaller.java:27:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/DoCoRegistryLinkingServiceMarshaller.java:45:	Parameter 'pRreqVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/DoCoRegistryLinkingServiceMarshaller.java:54:	Avoid excessively long variable names like linkCoRegToRegDocument
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/DoCoRegistryLinkingServiceMarshaller.java:54:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'linkCoRegToRegDocument' (lines '54'-'56').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/DoCoRegistryLinkingServiceMarshaller.java:56:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/DoCoRegistryLinkingServiceMarshaller.java:58:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/DoCoRegistryLinkingServiceMarshaller.java:59:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/DoCoRegistryLinkingServiceMarshaller.java:61:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/DoCoRegistryLinkingServiceMarshaller.java:72:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/DoCoRegistryLinkingServiceMarshaller.java:83:	Parameter 'pRreqVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/DoCoRegistryLinkingServiceMarshaller.java:90:	Local variable 'linkCoRegToReg' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/DoCoRegistryLinkingServiceMarshaller.java:90:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/DoCoRegistryLinkingServiceMarshaller.java:94:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/DoCoRegistryLinkingServiceMarshaller.java:94:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/DoCoRegistryLinkingServiceMarshaller.java:94:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/DoCoRegistryLinkingServiceMarshaller.java:95:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/DoCoRegistryLinkingServiceMarshaller.java:95:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/DoCoRegistryLinkingServiceMarshaller.java:95:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/DoCoRegistryLinkingServiceMarshaller.java:96:	Local variable 'regiNum' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/DoCoRegistryLinkingServiceMarshaller.java:96:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/DoCoRegistryLinkingServiceMarshaller.java:97:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/DoCoRegistryLinkingServiceMarshaller.java:98:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/DoCoRegistryLinkingServiceMarshaller.java:98:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/DoCoRegistryLinkingServiceMarshaller.java:98:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/DoCoRegistryLinkingServiceMarshaller.java:98:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/DoCoRegistryLinkingServiceMarshaller.java:102:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/DoCoRegistryLinkingServiceMarshaller.java:105:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/DoCoRegistryLinkingServiceMarshaller.java:105:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/DoCoRegistryLinkingServiceMarshaller.java:105:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/DoCoRegistryLinkingServiceUnMarshaller.java:23:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/DoCoRegistryLinkingServiceUnMarshaller.java:46:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'linkCoRegToRegVO' (lines '46'-'82').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/DoCoRegistryLinkingServiceUnMarshaller.java:50:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/DoCoRegistryLinkingServiceUnMarshaller.java:55:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/DoCoRegistryLinkingServiceUnMarshaller.java:55:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/DoCoRegistryLinkingServiceUnMarshaller.java:55:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/DoCoRegistryLinkingServiceUnMarshaller.java:55:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/DoCoRegistryLinkingServiceUnMarshaller.java:57:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/DoCoRegistryLinkingServiceUnMarshaller.java:60:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/DoCoRegistryLinkingServiceUnMarshaller.java:62:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/DoCoRegistryLinkingServiceUnMarshaller.java:62:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/DoCoRegistryLinkingServiceUnMarshaller.java:62:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/DoCoRegistryLinkingServiceUnMarshaller.java:63:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/DoCoRegistryLinkingServiceUnMarshaller.java:63:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/DoCoRegistryLinkingServiceUnMarshaller.java:63:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/DoCoRegistryLinkingServiceUnMarshaller.java:64:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/DoCoRegistryLinkingServiceUnMarshaller.java:64:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/DoCoRegistryLinkingServiceUnMarshaller.java:64:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/DoCoRegistryLinkingServiceUnMarshaller.java:65:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/DoCoRegistryLinkingServiceUnMarshaller.java:65:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/DoCoRegistryLinkingServiceUnMarshaller.java:65:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/DoCoRegistryLinkingServiceUnMarshaller.java:70:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/ForgetPasswordServiceMarshaller.java:34:	Parameter 'pRreqVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/ForgetPasswordServiceMarshaller.java:42:	Avoid excessively long variable names like forgetPasswordDocument
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/ForgetPasswordServiceMarshaller.java:42:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'forgetPasswordDocument' (lines '42'-'44').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/ForgetPasswordServiceMarshaller.java:44:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/ForgetPasswordServiceMarshaller.java:46:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/ForgetPasswordServiceMarshaller.java:47:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/ForgetPasswordServiceMarshaller.java:49:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/ForgetPasswordServiceMarshaller.java:68:	Parameter 'pReqVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/ForgetPasswordServiceMarshaller.java:76:	Local variable 'forgetPassword' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/ForgetPasswordServiceMarshaller.java:76:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/ForgetPasswordServiceMarshaller.java:77:	Local variable 'mapper' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/ForgetPasswordServiceMarshaller.java:77:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/ForgetPasswordServiceMarshaller.java:79:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/ForgetPasswordServiceUnMarshaller.java:43:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/ForgetPasswordServiceUnMarshaller.java:47:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/ForgetPasswordServiceUnMarshaller.java:47:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/ForgetPasswordServiceUnMarshaller.java:47:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/ForgetPasswordServiceUnMarshaller.java:47:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/ForgetPasswordServiceUnMarshaller.java:48:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/ForgetPasswordServiceUnMarshaller.java:52:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/ForgetPasswordServiceUnMarshaller.java:54:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/ForgetPasswordServiceUnMarshaller.java:54:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/ForgetPasswordServiceUnMarshaller.java:54:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/ForgetPasswordServiceUnMarshaller.java:55:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/ForgetPasswordServiceUnMarshaller.java:55:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/ForgetPasswordServiceUnMarshaller.java:55:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/ForgetPasswordServiceUnMarshaller.java:56:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/ForgetPasswordServiceUnMarshaller.java:56:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/ForgetPasswordServiceUnMarshaller.java:56:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/ForgetPasswordServiceUnMarshaller.java:57:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/ForgetPasswordServiceUnMarshaller.java:57:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/ForgetPasswordServiceUnMarshaller.java:57:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/ForgetPasswordServiceUnMarshaller.java:63:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/ForgetPasswordServiceUnMarshaller.java:64:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/ForgetRegistryPasswordServiceMarshaller.java:34:	Parameter 'pRreqVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/ForgetRegistryPasswordServiceMarshaller.java:40:	Avoid excessively long variable names like forgetRegistryPasswordDocument
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/ForgetRegistryPasswordServiceMarshaller.java:40:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'forgetRegistryPasswordDocument' (lines '40'-'42').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/ForgetRegistryPasswordServiceMarshaller.java:42:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/ForgetRegistryPasswordServiceMarshaller.java:43:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/ForgetRegistryPasswordServiceMarshaller.java:52:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/ForgetRegistryPasswordServiceMarshaller.java:63:	Parameter 'pReqVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/ForgetRegistryPasswordServiceMarshaller.java:70:	Avoid excessively long variable names like forgetRegistryPassword
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/ForgetRegistryPasswordServiceMarshaller.java:70:	Local variable 'forgetRegistryPassword' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/ForgetRegistryPasswordServiceMarshaller.java:70:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/ForgetRegistryPasswordServiceMarshaller.java:72:	Local variable 'mapper' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/ForgetRegistryPasswordServiceMarshaller.java:72:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/ForgetRegistryPasswordServiceMarshaller.java:75:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/ForgetRegistryPasswordServiceMarshaller.java:82:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/ForgetRegistryPasswordServiceUnMarshaller.java:39:	Avoid excessively long variable names like forgetRegPassResVO
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/ForgetRegistryPasswordServiceUnMarshaller.java:43:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/ForgetRegistryPasswordServiceUnMarshaller.java:47:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/ForgetRegistryPasswordServiceUnMarshaller.java:47:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/ForgetRegistryPasswordServiceUnMarshaller.java:47:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/ForgetRegistryPasswordServiceUnMarshaller.java:47:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/ForgetRegistryPasswordServiceUnMarshaller.java:48:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/ForgetRegistryPasswordServiceUnMarshaller.java:52:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/ForgetRegistryPasswordServiceUnMarshaller.java:54:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/ForgetRegistryPasswordServiceUnMarshaller.java:54:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/ForgetRegistryPasswordServiceUnMarshaller.java:54:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/ForgetRegistryPasswordServiceUnMarshaller.java:55:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/ForgetRegistryPasswordServiceUnMarshaller.java:55:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/ForgetRegistryPasswordServiceUnMarshaller.java:55:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/ForgetRegistryPasswordServiceUnMarshaller.java:56:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/ForgetRegistryPasswordServiceUnMarshaller.java:56:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/ForgetRegistryPasswordServiceUnMarshaller.java:56:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/ForgetRegistryPasswordServiceUnMarshaller.java:56:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/ForgetRegistryPasswordServiceUnMarshaller.java:56:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/ForgetRegistryPasswordServiceUnMarshaller.java:56:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/ForgetRegistryPasswordServiceUnMarshaller.java:62:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/ForgetRegistryPasswordServiceUnMarshaller.java:63:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryByProfileIdServiceMarshaller.java:4:	Avoid unused imports such as 'org.dozer.DozerBeanMapper'
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryByProfileIdServiceMarshaller.java:35:	Parameter 'pRreqVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryByProfileIdServiceMarshaller.java:44:	Avoid excessively long variable names like getRegistryInfoByProfileIdDocument
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryByProfileIdServiceMarshaller.java:44:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'getRegistryInfoByProfileIdDocument' (lines '44'-'46').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryByProfileIdServiceMarshaller.java:46:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryByProfileIdServiceMarshaller.java:48:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryByProfileIdServiceMarshaller.java:50:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryByProfileIdServiceMarshaller.java:52:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryByProfileIdServiceMarshaller.java:70:	Parameter 'pReqVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryByProfileIdServiceMarshaller.java:78:	Avoid excessively long variable names like getRegistryInfoByProfileId
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryByProfileIdServiceMarshaller.java:78:	Local variable 'getRegistryInfoByProfileId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryByProfileIdServiceMarshaller.java:78:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryByProfileIdServiceMarshaller.java:81:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryByProfileIdServiceMarshaller.java:81:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryByProfileIdServiceMarshaller.java:81:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryByProfileIdServiceMarshaller.java:81:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryByProfileIdServiceMarshaller.java:81:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryByProfileIdServiceMarshaller.java:81:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryByProfileIdServiceMarshaller.java:81:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryByProfileIdServiceMarshaller.java:83:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryByProfileIdServiceMarshaller.java:83:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryByProfileIdServiceMarshaller.java:83:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryByProfileIdServiceMarshaller.java:84:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryByProfileIdServiceMarshaller.java:84:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryByProfileIdServiceMarshaller.java:84:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryByProfileIdServiceMarshaller.java:90:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryByProfileIdServiceUnMarshaller.java:27:	The class 'GetRegistryByProfileIdServiceUnMarshaller' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 12 (Highest = 11).
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryByProfileIdServiceUnMarshaller.java:37:	The method 'processResponse' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryByProfileIdServiceUnMarshaller.java:49:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryByProfileIdServiceUnMarshaller.java:52:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryByProfileIdServiceUnMarshaller.java:52:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryByProfileIdServiceUnMarshaller.java:52:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryByProfileIdServiceUnMarshaller.java:53:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryByProfileIdServiceUnMarshaller.java:53:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryByProfileIdServiceUnMarshaller.java:53:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryByProfileIdServiceUnMarshaller.java:53:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryByProfileIdServiceUnMarshaller.java:54:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryByProfileIdServiceUnMarshaller.java:54:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryByProfileIdServiceUnMarshaller.java:56:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryByProfileIdServiceUnMarshaller.java:56:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryByProfileIdServiceUnMarshaller.java:56:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryByProfileIdServiceUnMarshaller.java:57:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'registrySummaryVO' (lines '57'-'65').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryByProfileIdServiceUnMarshaller.java:57:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'registrySummaryVO' (lines '57'-'122').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryByProfileIdServiceUnMarshaller.java:58:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'listRegVO' (lines '58'-'122').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryByProfileIdServiceUnMarshaller.java:60:	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryByProfileIdServiceUnMarshaller.java:62:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryByProfileIdServiceUnMarshaller.java:62:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryByProfileIdServiceUnMarshaller.java:62:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryByProfileIdServiceUnMarshaller.java:62:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryByProfileIdServiceUnMarshaller.java:62:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryByProfileIdServiceUnMarshaller.java:62:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryByProfileIdServiceUnMarshaller.java:65:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryByProfileIdServiceUnMarshaller.java:67:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryByProfileIdServiceUnMarshaller.java:67:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryByProfileIdServiceUnMarshaller.java:67:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryByProfileIdServiceUnMarshaller.java:67:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryByProfileIdServiceUnMarshaller.java:67:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryByProfileIdServiceUnMarshaller.java:67:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryByProfileIdServiceUnMarshaller.java:69:	Do not add empty strings
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryByProfileIdServiceUnMarshaller.java:69:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryByProfileIdServiceUnMarshaller.java:69:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryByProfileIdServiceUnMarshaller.java:69:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryByProfileIdServiceUnMarshaller.java:69:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryByProfileIdServiceUnMarshaller.java:69:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryByProfileIdServiceUnMarshaller.java:70:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryByProfileIdServiceUnMarshaller.java:70:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryByProfileIdServiceUnMarshaller.java:70:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryByProfileIdServiceUnMarshaller.java:70:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryByProfileIdServiceUnMarshaller.java:70:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryByProfileIdServiceUnMarshaller.java:71:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryByProfileIdServiceUnMarshaller.java:71:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryByProfileIdServiceUnMarshaller.java:71:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryByProfileIdServiceUnMarshaller.java:71:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryByProfileIdServiceUnMarshaller.java:71:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryByProfileIdServiceUnMarshaller.java:72:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'date' (lines '72'-'75').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryByProfileIdServiceUnMarshaller.java:73:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryByProfileIdServiceUnMarshaller.java:73:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryByProfileIdServiceUnMarshaller.java:73:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryByProfileIdServiceUnMarshaller.java:73:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryByProfileIdServiceUnMarshaller.java:73:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryByProfileIdServiceUnMarshaller.java:75:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryByProfileIdServiceUnMarshaller.java:75:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryByProfileIdServiceUnMarshaller.java:75:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryByProfileIdServiceUnMarshaller.java:75:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryByProfileIdServiceUnMarshaller.java:78:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryByProfileIdServiceUnMarshaller.java:79:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryByProfileIdServiceUnMarshaller.java:79:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryByProfileIdServiceUnMarshaller.java:79:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryByProfileIdServiceUnMarshaller.java:79:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryByProfileIdServiceUnMarshaller.java:79:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryByProfileIdServiceUnMarshaller.java:80:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryByProfileIdServiceUnMarshaller.java:80:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryByProfileIdServiceUnMarshaller.java:80:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryByProfileIdServiceUnMarshaller.java:80:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryByProfileIdServiceUnMarshaller.java:80:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryByProfileIdServiceUnMarshaller.java:81:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryByProfileIdServiceUnMarshaller.java:81:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryByProfileIdServiceUnMarshaller.java:81:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryByProfileIdServiceUnMarshaller.java:81:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryByProfileIdServiceUnMarshaller.java:81:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryByProfileIdServiceUnMarshaller.java:82:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryByProfileIdServiceUnMarshaller.java:82:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryByProfileIdServiceUnMarshaller.java:82:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryByProfileIdServiceUnMarshaller.java:82:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryByProfileIdServiceUnMarshaller.java:82:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryByProfileIdServiceUnMarshaller.java:83:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryByProfileIdServiceUnMarshaller.java:86:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryByProfileIdServiceUnMarshaller.java:88:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryByProfileIdServiceUnMarshaller.java:100:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryByProfileIdServiceUnMarshaller.java:100:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryByProfileIdServiceUnMarshaller.java:102:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryByProfileIdServiceUnMarshaller.java:102:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryByProfileIdServiceUnMarshaller.java:102:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryByProfileIdServiceUnMarshaller.java:102:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryByProfileIdServiceUnMarshaller.java:103:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryByProfileIdServiceUnMarshaller.java:103:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryByProfileIdServiceUnMarshaller.java:103:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryByProfileIdServiceUnMarshaller.java:104:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryByProfileIdServiceUnMarshaller.java:104:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryByProfileIdServiceUnMarshaller.java:104:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryByProfileIdServiceUnMarshaller.java:104:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryByProfileIdServiceUnMarshaller.java:105:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryByProfileIdServiceUnMarshaller.java:105:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryByProfileIdServiceUnMarshaller.java:105:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryByProfileIdServiceUnMarshaller.java:106:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryByProfileIdServiceUnMarshaller.java:110:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryByProfileIdServiceUnMarshaller.java:111:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryByProfileIdServiceUnMarshaller.java:111:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryByProfileIdServiceUnMarshaller.java:113:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryInfoServiceMarshaller.java:25:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryInfoServiceMarshaller.java:43:	Parameter 'pRreqVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryInfoServiceMarshaller.java:52:	Avoid excessively long variable names like getRegistryInfoDocument
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryInfoServiceMarshaller.java:52:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'getRegistryInfoDocument' (lines '52'-'56').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryInfoServiceMarshaller.java:56:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryInfoServiceMarshaller.java:57:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryInfoServiceMarshaller.java:58:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryInfoServiceMarshaller.java:60:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryInfoServiceMarshaller.java:71:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryInfoServiceMarshaller.java:81:	Parameter 'pRreqVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryInfoServiceMarshaller.java:89:	Local variable 'getRegistryInfo' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryInfoServiceMarshaller.java:89:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryInfoServiceMarshaller.java:91:	Local variable 'mapper' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryInfoServiceMarshaller.java:91:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryInfoServiceMarshaller.java:93:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryInfoServiceUnMarshaller.java:25:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryInfoServiceUnMarshaller.java:30:	The class 'GetRegistryInfoServiceUnMarshaller' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 10 (Highest = 9).
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryInfoServiceUnMarshaller.java:48:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'registryResVO' (lines '48'-'109').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryInfoServiceUnMarshaller.java:54:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryInfoServiceUnMarshaller.java:58:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryInfoServiceUnMarshaller.java:58:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryInfoServiceUnMarshaller.java:58:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryInfoServiceUnMarshaller.java:58:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryInfoServiceUnMarshaller.java:61:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryInfoServiceUnMarshaller.java:63:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryInfoServiceUnMarshaller.java:64:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'remainingGift' (lines '64'-'66').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryInfoServiceUnMarshaller.java:66:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryInfoServiceUnMarshaller.java:66:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryInfoServiceUnMarshaller.java:66:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryInfoServiceUnMarshaller.java:66:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryInfoServiceUnMarshaller.java:66:	Useless parentheses.
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryInfoServiceUnMarshaller.java:66:	Useless parentheses.
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryInfoServiceUnMarshaller.java:67:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryInfoServiceUnMarshaller.java:67:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryInfoServiceUnMarshaller.java:67:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryInfoServiceUnMarshaller.java:67:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryInfoServiceUnMarshaller.java:67:	Useless parentheses.
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryInfoServiceUnMarshaller.java:67:	Useless parentheses.
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryInfoServiceUnMarshaller.java:68:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryInfoServiceUnMarshaller.java:68:	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryInfoServiceUnMarshaller.java:72:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryInfoServiceUnMarshaller.java:72:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryInfoServiceUnMarshaller.java:73:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryInfoServiceUnMarshaller.java:73:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryInfoServiceUnMarshaller.java:73:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryInfoServiceUnMarshaller.java:73:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryInfoServiceUnMarshaller.java:73:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryInfoServiceUnMarshaller.java:73:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryInfoServiceUnMarshaller.java:74:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryInfoServiceUnMarshaller.java:74:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryInfoServiceUnMarshaller.java:74:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryInfoServiceUnMarshaller.java:75:	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryInfoServiceUnMarshaller.java:75:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryInfoServiceUnMarshaller.java:77:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryInfoServiceUnMarshaller.java:77:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryInfoServiceUnMarshaller.java:77:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryInfoServiceUnMarshaller.java:82:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryInfoServiceUnMarshaller.java:86:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryInfoServiceUnMarshaller.java:86:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryInfoServiceUnMarshaller.java:88:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryInfoServiceUnMarshaller.java:88:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryInfoServiceUnMarshaller.java:88:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryInfoServiceUnMarshaller.java:88:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryInfoServiceUnMarshaller.java:89:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryInfoServiceUnMarshaller.java:89:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryInfoServiceUnMarshaller.java:89:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryInfoServiceUnMarshaller.java:90:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryInfoServiceUnMarshaller.java:90:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryInfoServiceUnMarshaller.java:90:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryInfoServiceUnMarshaller.java:90:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryInfoServiceUnMarshaller.java:91:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryInfoServiceUnMarshaller.java:91:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryInfoServiceUnMarshaller.java:91:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryInfoServiceUnMarshaller.java:93:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryInfoServiceUnMarshaller.java:97:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryInfoServiceUnMarshaller.java:98:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryInfoServiceUnMarshaller.java:106:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryItemListServiceMarshaller.java:22:	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.bedbathandbeyond.www.RegistrySortType'
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryItemListServiceMarshaller.java:27:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryItemListServiceMarshaller.java:45:	Parameter 'pRreqVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryItemListServiceMarshaller.java:54:	Avoid excessively long variable names like getRegistryItemListDocument
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryItemListServiceMarshaller.java:54:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'getRegistryItemListDocument' (lines '54'-'56').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryItemListServiceMarshaller.java:56:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryItemListServiceMarshaller.java:57:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryItemListServiceMarshaller.java:58:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryItemListServiceMarshaller.java:60:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryItemListServiceMarshaller.java:71:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryItemListServiceMarshaller.java:82:	Parameter 'pRreqVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryItemListServiceMarshaller.java:89:	Avoid excessively long variable names like getRegistryItemList
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryItemListServiceMarshaller.java:89:	Local variable 'getRegistryItemList' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryItemListServiceMarshaller.java:89:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryItemListServiceMarshaller.java:92:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryItemListServiceMarshaller.java:92:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryItemListServiceMarshaller.java:92:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryItemListServiceMarshaller.java:92:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryItemListServiceMarshaller.java:92:	Useless parentheses.
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryItemListServiceMarshaller.java:92:	Useless parentheses.
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryItemListServiceMarshaller.java:93:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryItemListServiceMarshaller.java:93:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryItemListServiceMarshaller.java:93:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryItemListServiceMarshaller.java:94:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryItemListServiceMarshaller.java:94:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryItemListServiceMarshaller.java:94:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryItemListServiceMarshaller.java:95:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryItemListServiceMarshaller.java:95:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryItemListServiceMarshaller.java:95:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryItemListServiceMarshaller.java:96:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryItemListServiceMarshaller.java:96:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryItemListServiceMarshaller.java:96:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryItemListServiceMarshaller.java:97:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryItemListServiceMarshaller.java:97:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryItemListServiceMarshaller.java:97:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryItemListServiceMarshaller.java:98:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryItemListServiceMarshaller.java:98:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryItemListServiceMarshaller.java:98:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryItemListServiceMarshaller.java:99:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'view' (lines '99'-'102').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryItemListServiceMarshaller.java:100:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryItemListServiceMarshaller.java:100:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryItemListServiceMarshaller.java:102:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryItemListServiceMarshaller.java:104:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'sortSeq' (lines '104'-'107').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryItemListServiceMarshaller.java:105:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryItemListServiceMarshaller.java:105:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryItemListServiceMarshaller.java:107:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryItemListServiceMarshaller.java:110:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryItemListServiceMarshaller.java:110:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryItemListServiceMarshaller.java:111:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryItemListServiceMarshaller.java:111:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryItemListServiceMarshaller.java:112:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryItemListServiceMarshaller.java:114:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryItemListServiceUnMarshaller.java:28:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryItemListServiceUnMarshaller.java:43:	Avoid really long methods.
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryItemListServiceUnMarshaller.java:50:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'regItemsListVO' (lines '50'-'145').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryItemListServiceUnMarshaller.java:54:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryItemListServiceUnMarshaller.java:58:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryItemListServiceUnMarshaller.java:58:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryItemListServiceUnMarshaller.java:58:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryItemListServiceUnMarshaller.java:62:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryItemListServiceUnMarshaller.java:63:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'regItems' (lines '63'-'66').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryItemListServiceUnMarshaller.java:64:	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryItemListServiceUnMarshaller.java:64:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryItemListServiceUnMarshaller.java:66:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryItemListServiceUnMarshaller.java:66:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryItemListServiceUnMarshaller.java:71:	If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryItemListServiceUnMarshaller.java:73:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'registryItemVO' (lines '73'-'79').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryItemListServiceUnMarshaller.java:73:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'registryItemVO' (lines '73'-'145').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryItemListServiceUnMarshaller.java:75:	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryItemListServiceUnMarshaller.java:79:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryItemListServiceUnMarshaller.java:97:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryItemListServiceUnMarshaller.java:97:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryItemListServiceUnMarshaller.java:97:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryItemListServiceUnMarshaller.java:97:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryItemListServiceUnMarshaller.java:98:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryItemListServiceUnMarshaller.java:98:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryItemListServiceUnMarshaller.java:98:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryItemListServiceUnMarshaller.java:98:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryItemListServiceUnMarshaller.java:99:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryItemListServiceUnMarshaller.java:99:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryItemListServiceUnMarshaller.java:99:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryItemListServiceUnMarshaller.java:99:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryItemListServiceUnMarshaller.java:100:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryItemListServiceUnMarshaller.java:100:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryItemListServiceUnMarshaller.java:100:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryItemListServiceUnMarshaller.java:100:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryItemListServiceUnMarshaller.java:101:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryItemListServiceUnMarshaller.java:101:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryItemListServiceUnMarshaller.java:101:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryItemListServiceUnMarshaller.java:101:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryItemListServiceUnMarshaller.java:102:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryItemListServiceUnMarshaller.java:102:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryItemListServiceUnMarshaller.java:102:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryItemListServiceUnMarshaller.java:102:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryItemListServiceUnMarshaller.java:103:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryItemListServiceUnMarshaller.java:103:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryItemListServiceUnMarshaller.java:103:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryItemListServiceUnMarshaller.java:103:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryItemListServiceUnMarshaller.java:104:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryItemListServiceUnMarshaller.java:104:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryItemListServiceUnMarshaller.java:104:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryItemListServiceUnMarshaller.java:104:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryItemListServiceUnMarshaller.java:107:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryItemListServiceUnMarshaller.java:107:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryItemListServiceUnMarshaller.java:107:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryItemListServiceUnMarshaller.java:107:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryItemListServiceUnMarshaller.java:108:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryItemListServiceUnMarshaller.java:108:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryItemListServiceUnMarshaller.java:108:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryItemListServiceUnMarshaller.java:108:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryItemListServiceUnMarshaller.java:112:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryItemListServiceUnMarshaller.java:112:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryItemListServiceUnMarshaller.java:112:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryItemListServiceUnMarshaller.java:112:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryItemListServiceUnMarshaller.java:112:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryItemListServiceUnMarshaller.java:112:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryItemListServiceUnMarshaller.java:115:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryItemListServiceUnMarshaller.java:115:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryItemListServiceUnMarshaller.java:117:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryItemListServiceUnMarshaller.java:126:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryItemListServiceUnMarshaller.java:128:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryItemListServiceUnMarshaller.java:128:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryItemListServiceUnMarshaller.java:128:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryItemListServiceUnMarshaller.java:129:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryItemListServiceUnMarshaller.java:129:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryItemListServiceUnMarshaller.java:130:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryItemListServiceUnMarshaller.java:130:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryItemListServiceUnMarshaller.java:130:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryItemListServiceUnMarshaller.java:131:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryItemListServiceUnMarshaller.java:131:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryItemListServiceUnMarshaller.java:136:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryStatuesByProfileIdServiceUnMarshaller.java:40:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryStatuesByProfileIdServiceUnMarshaller.java:44:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryStatuesByProfileIdServiceUnMarshaller.java:46:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryStatuesByProfileIdServiceUnMarshaller.java:47:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryStatuesByProfileIdServiceUnMarshaller.java:51:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryStatuesByProfileIdServiceUnMarshaller.java:55:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryStatuesByProfileIdServiceUnMarshaller.java:57:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryStatuesByProfileIdServiceUnMarshaller.java:57:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryStatuesByProfileIdServiceUnMarshaller.java:57:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryStatuesByProfileIdServiceUnMarshaller.java:58:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryStatuesByProfileIdServiceUnMarshaller.java:59:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryStatuesByProfileIdServiceUnMarshaller.java:59:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryStatuesByProfileIdServiceUnMarshaller.java:60:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'regStatusVO' (lines '60'-'66').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryStatuesByProfileIdServiceUnMarshaller.java:60:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'regStatusVO' (lines '60'-'108').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryStatuesByProfileIdServiceUnMarshaller.java:61:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'listRegistryResVO' (lines '61'-'108').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryStatuesByProfileIdServiceUnMarshaller.java:64:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryStatuesByProfileIdServiceUnMarshaller.java:64:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryStatuesByProfileIdServiceUnMarshaller.java:64:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryStatuesByProfileIdServiceUnMarshaller.java:64:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryStatuesByProfileIdServiceUnMarshaller.java:64:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryStatuesByProfileIdServiceUnMarshaller.java:64:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryStatuesByProfileIdServiceUnMarshaller.java:66:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryStatuesByProfileIdServiceUnMarshaller.java:68:	Do not add empty strings
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryStatuesByProfileIdServiceUnMarshaller.java:68:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryStatuesByProfileIdServiceUnMarshaller.java:68:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryStatuesByProfileIdServiceUnMarshaller.java:68:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryStatuesByProfileIdServiceUnMarshaller.java:68:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryStatuesByProfileIdServiceUnMarshaller.java:69:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryStatuesByProfileIdServiceUnMarshaller.java:69:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryStatuesByProfileIdServiceUnMarshaller.java:69:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryStatuesByProfileIdServiceUnMarshaller.java:69:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryStatuesByProfileIdServiceUnMarshaller.java:70:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryStatuesByProfileIdServiceUnMarshaller.java:70:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryStatuesByProfileIdServiceUnMarshaller.java:70:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryStatuesByProfileIdServiceUnMarshaller.java:70:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryStatuesByProfileIdServiceUnMarshaller.java:77:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryStatuesByProfileIdServiceUnMarshaller.java:88:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryStatuesByProfileIdServiceUnMarshaller.java:90:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryStatuesByProfileIdServiceUnMarshaller.java:90:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryStatuesByProfileIdServiceUnMarshaller.java:90:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryStatuesByProfileIdServiceUnMarshaller.java:91:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryStatuesByProfileIdServiceUnMarshaller.java:91:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryStatuesByProfileIdServiceUnMarshaller.java:92:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryStatuesByProfileIdServiceUnMarshaller.java:92:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryStatuesByProfileIdServiceUnMarshaller.java:92:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryStatuesByProfileIdServiceUnMarshaller.java:93:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryStatuesByProfileIdServiceUnMarshaller.java:93:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryStatuesByProfileIdServiceUnMarshaller.java:98:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryStatuesByProfileIdServiceUnMarshaller.java:99:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryStatusesByProfileIdServiceMarshaller.java:4:	Avoid unused imports such as 'org.dozer.DozerBeanMapper'
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryStatusesByProfileIdServiceMarshaller.java:35:	Parameter 'pRreqVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryStatusesByProfileIdServiceMarshaller.java:44:	Avoid excessively long variable names like getRegistryStatusesByProfileIdDocument
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryStatusesByProfileIdServiceMarshaller.java:44:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'getRegistryStatusesByProfileIdDocument' (lines '44'-'46').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryStatusesByProfileIdServiceMarshaller.java:46:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryStatusesByProfileIdServiceMarshaller.java:47:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryStatusesByProfileIdServiceMarshaller.java:49:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryStatusesByProfileIdServiceMarshaller.java:51:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryStatusesByProfileIdServiceMarshaller.java:69:	Parameter 'pReqVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryStatusesByProfileIdServiceMarshaller.java:76:	Avoid excessively long variable names like getRegistryInfoByProfileId
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryStatusesByProfileIdServiceMarshaller.java:76:	Local variable 'getRegistryInfoByProfileId' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryStatusesByProfileIdServiceMarshaller.java:76:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryStatusesByProfileIdServiceMarshaller.java:81:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryStatusesByProfileIdServiceMarshaller.java:81:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryStatusesByProfileIdServiceMarshaller.java:81:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryStatusesByProfileIdServiceMarshaller.java:82:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryStatusesByProfileIdServiceMarshaller.java:82:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryStatusesByProfileIdServiceMarshaller.java:82:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryStatusesByProfileIdServiceMarshaller.java:83:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryStatusesByProfileIdServiceMarshaller.java:83:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryStatusesByProfileIdServiceMarshaller.java:83:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/GetRegistryStatusesByProfileIdServiceMarshaller.java:89:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/ImportRegistryServiceMarshaller.java:34:	Parameter 'pRreqVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/ImportRegistryServiceMarshaller.java:42:	Avoid excessively long variable names like importRegistryDocument
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/ImportRegistryServiceMarshaller.java:42:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'importRegistryDocument' (lines '42'-'44').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/ImportRegistryServiceMarshaller.java:44:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/ImportRegistryServiceMarshaller.java:46:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/ImportRegistryServiceMarshaller.java:48:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/ImportRegistryServiceMarshaller.java:50:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/ImportRegistryServiceMarshaller.java:69:	Parameter 'pReqVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/ImportRegistryServiceMarshaller.java:77:	Local variable 'importRegistry' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/ImportRegistryServiceMarshaller.java:77:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/ImportRegistryServiceMarshaller.java:78:	Local variable 'mapper' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/ImportRegistryServiceMarshaller.java:78:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/ImportRegistryServiceMarshaller.java:80:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/ImportRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:41:	Avoid excessively long variable names like importRegistryResVO
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/ImportRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:45:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/ImportRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:48:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/ImportRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:49:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/ImportRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:49:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/ImportRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:49:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/ImportRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:49:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/ImportRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:50:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/ImportRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:54:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/ImportRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:56:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/ImportRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:65:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/ImportRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:67:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/ImportRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:67:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/ImportRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:67:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/ImportRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:68:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/ImportRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:68:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/ImportRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:68:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/ImportRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:69:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/ImportRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:69:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/ImportRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:69:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/ImportRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:70:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/ImportRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:70:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/ImportRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:70:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/ImportRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:76:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/ImportRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:78:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/LinkCoRegProfileToRegServiceMarshaller.java:17:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/LinkCoRegProfileToRegServiceMarshaller.java:35:	Parameter 'pRreqVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/LinkCoRegProfileToRegServiceMarshaller.java:43:	Avoid excessively long variable names like linkCoRegProfileToRegDocument
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/LinkCoRegProfileToRegServiceMarshaller.java:43:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'linkCoRegProfileToRegDocument' (lines '43'-'45').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/LinkCoRegProfileToRegServiceMarshaller.java:45:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/LinkCoRegProfileToRegServiceMarshaller.java:47:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/LinkCoRegProfileToRegServiceMarshaller.java:48:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/LinkCoRegProfileToRegServiceMarshaller.java:50:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/LinkCoRegProfileToRegServiceMarshaller.java:61:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/LinkCoRegProfileToRegServiceMarshaller.java:72:	Parameter 'pRreqVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/LinkCoRegProfileToRegServiceMarshaller.java:80:	Avoid excessively long variable names like linkCoRegProfileToReg
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/LinkCoRegProfileToRegServiceMarshaller.java:80:	Local variable 'linkCoRegProfileToReg' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/LinkCoRegProfileToRegServiceMarshaller.java:80:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/LinkCoRegProfileToRegServiceMarshaller.java:82:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/LinkCoRegProfileToRegServiceMarshaller.java:82:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/LinkCoRegProfileToRegServiceMarshaller.java:82:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/LinkCoRegProfileToRegServiceMarshaller.java:83:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/LinkCoRegProfileToRegServiceMarshaller.java:83:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/LinkCoRegProfileToRegServiceMarshaller.java:83:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/LinkCoRegProfileToRegServiceMarshaller.java:84:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/LinkCoRegProfileToRegServiceMarshaller.java:84:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/LinkCoRegProfileToRegServiceMarshaller.java:84:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/LinkCoRegProfileToRegServiceMarshaller.java:85:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/LinkCoRegProfileToRegServiceMarshaller.java:85:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/LinkCoRegProfileToRegServiceMarshaller.java:85:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/LinkCoRegProfileToRegServiceUnMarshaller.java:16:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/LinkCoRegProfileToRegServiceUnMarshaller.java:39:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'linkCoRegToRegVO' (lines '39'-'75').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/LinkCoRegProfileToRegServiceUnMarshaller.java:43:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/LinkCoRegProfileToRegServiceUnMarshaller.java:48:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/LinkCoRegProfileToRegServiceUnMarshaller.java:48:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/LinkCoRegProfileToRegServiceUnMarshaller.java:48:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/LinkCoRegProfileToRegServiceUnMarshaller.java:48:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/LinkCoRegProfileToRegServiceUnMarshaller.java:50:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/LinkCoRegProfileToRegServiceUnMarshaller.java:53:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/LinkCoRegProfileToRegServiceUnMarshaller.java:55:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/LinkCoRegProfileToRegServiceUnMarshaller.java:55:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/LinkCoRegProfileToRegServiceUnMarshaller.java:55:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/LinkCoRegProfileToRegServiceUnMarshaller.java:56:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/LinkCoRegProfileToRegServiceUnMarshaller.java:56:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/LinkCoRegProfileToRegServiceUnMarshaller.java:56:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/LinkCoRegProfileToRegServiceUnMarshaller.java:57:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/LinkCoRegProfileToRegServiceUnMarshaller.java:57:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/LinkCoRegProfileToRegServiceUnMarshaller.java:57:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/LinkCoRegProfileToRegServiceUnMarshaller.java:58:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/LinkCoRegProfileToRegServiceUnMarshaller.java:58:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/LinkCoRegProfileToRegServiceUnMarshaller.java:58:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/LinkCoRegProfileToRegServiceUnMarshaller.java:63:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/LinkRegistryToATGProfileServiceMarshaller.java:17:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/LinkRegistryToATGProfileServiceMarshaller.java:35:	Parameter 'pRreqVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/LinkRegistryToATGProfileServiceMarshaller.java:43:	Avoid excessively long variable names like linkRegistryToATGProfileDocument
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/LinkRegistryToATGProfileServiceMarshaller.java:43:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'linkRegistryToATGProfileDocument' (lines '43'-'45').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/LinkRegistryToATGProfileServiceMarshaller.java:45:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/LinkRegistryToATGProfileServiceMarshaller.java:47:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/LinkRegistryToATGProfileServiceMarshaller.java:48:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/LinkRegistryToATGProfileServiceMarshaller.java:50:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/LinkRegistryToATGProfileServiceMarshaller.java:61:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/LinkRegistryToATGProfileServiceMarshaller.java:72:	Parameter 'pRreqVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/LinkRegistryToATGProfileServiceMarshaller.java:80:	Avoid excessively long variable names like linkRegistryToATGProfile
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/LinkRegistryToATGProfileServiceMarshaller.java:80:	Local variable 'linkRegistryToATGProfile' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/LinkRegistryToATGProfileServiceMarshaller.java:80:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/LinkRegistryToATGProfileServiceMarshaller.java:82:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/LinkRegistryToATGProfileServiceMarshaller.java:82:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/LinkRegistryToATGProfileServiceMarshaller.java:82:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/LinkRegistryToATGProfileServiceMarshaller.java:83:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/LinkRegistryToATGProfileServiceMarshaller.java:83:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/LinkRegistryToATGProfileServiceMarshaller.java:83:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/LinkRegistryToATGProfileServiceMarshaller.java:84:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/LinkRegistryToATGProfileServiceMarshaller.java:84:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/LinkRegistryToATGProfileServiceMarshaller.java:84:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/LinkRegistryToATGProfileServiceMarshaller.java:85:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/LinkRegistryToATGProfileServiceMarshaller.java:85:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/LinkRegistryToATGProfileServiceMarshaller.java:85:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/LinkRegistryToATGProfileServiceMarshaller.java:86:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/LinkRegistryToATGProfileServiceMarshaller.java:86:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/LinkRegistryToATGProfileServiceMarshaller.java:86:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/LinkRegistryToATGProfileServiceUnMarshaller.java:15:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/LinkRegistryToATGProfileServiceUnMarshaller.java:38:	Avoid excessively long variable names like linkRegToATGProfileResVO
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/LinkRegistryToATGProfileServiceUnMarshaller.java:38:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'linkRegToATGProfileResVO' (lines '38'-'74').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/LinkRegistryToATGProfileServiceUnMarshaller.java:38:	Local variable 'linkRegToATGProfileResVO' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/LinkRegistryToATGProfileServiceUnMarshaller.java:42:	Avoid excessively long variable names like linkRegToATGProfileRes
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/LinkRegistryToATGProfileServiceUnMarshaller.java:42:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/LinkRegistryToATGProfileServiceUnMarshaller.java:47:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/LinkRegistryToATGProfileServiceUnMarshaller.java:47:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/LinkRegistryToATGProfileServiceUnMarshaller.java:47:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/LinkRegistryToATGProfileServiceUnMarshaller.java:47:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/LinkRegistryToATGProfileServiceUnMarshaller.java:49:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/LinkRegistryToATGProfileServiceUnMarshaller.java:52:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/LinkRegistryToATGProfileServiceUnMarshaller.java:54:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/LinkRegistryToATGProfileServiceUnMarshaller.java:54:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/LinkRegistryToATGProfileServiceUnMarshaller.java:54:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/LinkRegistryToATGProfileServiceUnMarshaller.java:55:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/LinkRegistryToATGProfileServiceUnMarshaller.java:55:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/LinkRegistryToATGProfileServiceUnMarshaller.java:55:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/LinkRegistryToATGProfileServiceUnMarshaller.java:56:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/LinkRegistryToATGProfileServiceUnMarshaller.java:56:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/LinkRegistryToATGProfileServiceUnMarshaller.java:56:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/LinkRegistryToATGProfileServiceUnMarshaller.java:57:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/LinkRegistryToATGProfileServiceUnMarshaller.java:57:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/LinkRegistryToATGProfileServiceUnMarshaller.java:57:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/LinkRegistryToATGProfileServiceUnMarshaller.java:62:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/RemoveRegistryItemServiceMarshaller.java:40:	Parameter 'pRreqVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/RemoveRegistryItemServiceMarshaller.java:46:	Avoid excessively long variable names like addItemsToRegistryDocument
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/RemoveRegistryItemServiceMarshaller.java:46:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'addItemsToRegistryDocument' (lines '46'-'48').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/RemoveRegistryItemServiceMarshaller.java:48:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/RemoveRegistryItemServiceMarshaller.java:49:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/RemoveRegistryItemServiceMarshaller.java:50:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/RemoveRegistryItemServiceMarshaller.java:52:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/RemoveRegistryItemServiceMarshaller.java:61:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/RemoveRegistryItemServiceMarshaller.java:72:	Parameter 'pReqVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/RemoveRegistryItemServiceMarshaller.java:79:	Avoid excessively long variable names like addItemsToRegistry
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/RemoveRegistryItemServiceMarshaller.java:79:	Local variable 'addItemsToRegistry' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/RemoveRegistryItemServiceMarshaller.java:79:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/RemoveRegistryItemServiceMarshaller.java:81:	Local variable 'mapper' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/RemoveRegistryItemServiceMarshaller.java:81:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/RemoveRegistryItemServiceMarshaller.java:84:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/RemoveRegistryItemServiceUnMarshaller.java:44:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'addItemsResVO' (lines '44'-'80').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/RemoveRegistryItemServiceUnMarshaller.java:48:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/RemoveRegistryItemServiceUnMarshaller.java:52:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/RemoveRegistryItemServiceUnMarshaller.java:52:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/RemoveRegistryItemServiceUnMarshaller.java:52:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/RemoveRegistryItemServiceUnMarshaller.java:52:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/RemoveRegistryItemServiceUnMarshaller.java:54:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/RemoveRegistryItemServiceUnMarshaller.java:59:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/RemoveRegistryItemServiceUnMarshaller.java:61:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/RemoveRegistryItemServiceUnMarshaller.java:61:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/RemoveRegistryItemServiceUnMarshaller.java:61:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/RemoveRegistryItemServiceUnMarshaller.java:62:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/RemoveRegistryItemServiceUnMarshaller.java:62:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/RemoveRegistryItemServiceUnMarshaller.java:62:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/RemoveRegistryItemServiceUnMarshaller.java:64:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/RemoveRegistryItemServiceUnMarshaller.java:64:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/RemoveRegistryItemServiceUnMarshaller.java:64:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/RemoveRegistryItemServiceUnMarshaller.java:65:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/RemoveRegistryItemServiceUnMarshaller.java:65:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/RemoveRegistryItemServiceUnMarshaller.java:65:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/RemoveRegistryItemServiceUnMarshaller.java:71:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/SearchRegistryServiceMarshaller.java:36:	Parameter 'pRreqVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/SearchRegistryServiceMarshaller.java:42:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'regSearchDocument' (lines '42'-'44').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/SearchRegistryServiceMarshaller.java:44:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/SearchRegistryServiceMarshaller.java:45:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/SearchRegistryServiceMarshaller.java:55:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/SearchRegistryServiceMarshaller.java:66:	Parameter 'pReqVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/SearchRegistryServiceMarshaller.java:71:	Local variable 'regSearch' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/SearchRegistryServiceMarshaller.java:71:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/SearchRegistryServiceMarshaller.java:74:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'blkSize' (lines '74'-'77').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/SearchRegistryServiceMarshaller.java:75:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/SearchRegistryServiceMarshaller.java:75:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/SearchRegistryServiceMarshaller.java:77:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/SearchRegistryServiceMarshaller.java:79:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/SearchRegistryServiceMarshaller.java:80:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/SearchRegistryServiceMarshaller.java:80:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/SearchRegistryServiceMarshaller.java:80:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/SearchRegistryServiceMarshaller.java:81:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/SearchRegistryServiceMarshaller.java:81:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/SearchRegistryServiceMarshaller.java:81:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/SearchRegistryServiceMarshaller.java:82:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/SearchRegistryServiceMarshaller.java:82:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/SearchRegistryServiceMarshaller.java:82:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/SearchRegistryServiceMarshaller.java:83:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/SearchRegistryServiceMarshaller.java:83:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/SearchRegistryServiceMarshaller.java:83:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/SearchRegistryServiceMarshaller.java:84:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/SearchRegistryServiceMarshaller.java:84:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/SearchRegistryServiceMarshaller.java:84:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/SearchRegistryServiceMarshaller.java:85:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/SearchRegistryServiceMarshaller.java:85:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/SearchRegistryServiceMarshaller.java:85:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/SearchRegistryServiceMarshaller.java:86:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/SearchRegistryServiceMarshaller.java:86:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/SearchRegistryServiceMarshaller.java:86:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/SearchRegistryServiceMarshaller.java:87:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/SearchRegistryServiceMarshaller.java:87:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/SearchRegistryServiceMarshaller.java:87:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/SearchRegistryServiceMarshaller.java:88:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/SearchRegistryServiceMarshaller.java:88:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/SearchRegistryServiceMarshaller.java:88:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/SearchRegistryServiceMarshaller.java:89:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/SearchRegistryServiceMarshaller.java:89:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/SearchRegistryServiceMarshaller.java:89:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/SearchRegistryServiceMarshaller.java:91:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'sortSeq' (lines '91'-'94').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/SearchRegistryServiceMarshaller.java:92:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/SearchRegistryServiceMarshaller.java:92:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/SearchRegistryServiceMarshaller.java:94:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/SearchRegistryServiceMarshaller.java:97:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/SearchRegistryServiceMarshaller.java:97:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/SearchRegistryServiceMarshaller.java:99:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/SearchRegistryServiceMarshaller.java:103:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/SearchRegistryServiceMarshaller.java:103:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/SearchRegistryServiceMarshaller.java:104:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/SearchRegistryServiceMarshaller.java:106:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/SearchRegistryServiceMarshaller.java:106:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/SearchRegistryServiceMarshaller.java:106:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/SearchRegistryServiceMarshaller.java:106:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/SearchRegistryServiceMarshaller.java:106:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/SearchRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:50:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/SearchRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:55:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/SearchRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:55:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/SearchRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:55:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/SearchRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:57:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/SearchRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:57:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/SearchRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:59:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'registrySummaryVO' (lines '59'-'67').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/SearchRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:59:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'registrySummaryVO' (lines '59'-'114').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/SearchRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:62:	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/SearchRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:64:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/SearchRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:64:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/SearchRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:67:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/SearchRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:69:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/SearchRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:69:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/SearchRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:71:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/SearchRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:71:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/SearchRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:71:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/SearchRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:71:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/SearchRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:72:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/SearchRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:72:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/SearchRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:72:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/SearchRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:72:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/SearchRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:73:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/SearchRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:73:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/SearchRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:73:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/SearchRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:73:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/SearchRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:74:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/SearchRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:74:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/SearchRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:74:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/SearchRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:74:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/SearchRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:75:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/SearchRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:75:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/SearchRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:75:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/SearchRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:75:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/SearchRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:76:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/SearchRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:76:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/SearchRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:76:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/SearchRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:76:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/SearchRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:77:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/SearchRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:77:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/SearchRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:77:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/SearchRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:77:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/SearchRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:78:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/SearchRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:78:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/SearchRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:78:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/SearchRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:78:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/SearchRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:79:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/SearchRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:79:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/SearchRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:79:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/SearchRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:79:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/SearchRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:80:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/SearchRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:80:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/SearchRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:80:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/SearchRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:80:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/SearchRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:81:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/SearchRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:81:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/SearchRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:81:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/SearchRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:81:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/SearchRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:82:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/SearchRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:82:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/SearchRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:82:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/SearchRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:82:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/SearchRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:83:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/SearchRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:83:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/SearchRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:84:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/SearchRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:84:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/SearchRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:84:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/SearchRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:84:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/SearchRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:97:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/SearchRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:99:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/SearchRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:99:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/SearchRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:99:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/SearchRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:100:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/SearchRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:100:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/SearchRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:101:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/SearchRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:101:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/SearchRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:101:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/SearchRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:102:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/SearchRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:102:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/UpdateRegistryServiceMarshaller.java:25:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/UpdateRegistryServiceMarshaller.java:43:	Parameter 'pRreqVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/UpdateRegistryServiceMarshaller.java:52:	Avoid excessively long variable names like updateRegistryDocument
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/UpdateRegistryServiceMarshaller.java:52:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'updateRegistryDocument' (lines '52'-'54').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/UpdateRegistryServiceMarshaller.java:54:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/UpdateRegistryServiceMarshaller.java:55:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/UpdateRegistryServiceMarshaller.java:67:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/UpdateRegistryServiceMarshaller.java:77:	Parameter 'pReqVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/UpdateRegistryServiceMarshaller.java:84:	Local variable 'updateRegistry' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/UpdateRegistryServiceMarshaller.java:84:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/UpdateRegistryServiceMarshaller.java:85:	Local variable 'mapper' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/UpdateRegistryServiceMarshaller.java:85:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/UpdateRegistryServiceMarshaller.java:88:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/UpdateRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:22:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/UpdateRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:45:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'registryResVO' (lines '45'-'80').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/UpdateRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:49:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/UpdateRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:53:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/UpdateRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:53:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/UpdateRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:53:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/UpdateRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:53:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/UpdateRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:54:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/UpdateRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:58:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/UpdateRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:60:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/UpdateRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:60:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/UpdateRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:60:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/UpdateRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:61:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/UpdateRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:61:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/UpdateRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:61:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/UpdateRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:62:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/UpdateRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:62:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/UpdateRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:62:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/UpdateRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:63:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/UpdateRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:63:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/UpdateRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:63:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/UpdateRegistryServiceUnMarshaller.java:69:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/UpdateRemoveRegItemsServiceMarshaller.java:41:	Parameter 'pRreqVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/UpdateRemoveRegItemsServiceMarshaller.java:50:	Avoid excessively long variable names like updateRegistryItemsDocument
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/UpdateRemoveRegItemsServiceMarshaller.java:50:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'updateRegistryItemsDocument' (lines '50'-'53').
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/UpdateRemoveRegItemsServiceMarshaller.java:53:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/UpdateRemoveRegItemsServiceMarshaller.java:54:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/UpdateRemoveRegItemsServiceMarshaller.java:64:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/UpdateRemoveRegItemsServiceMarshaller.java:75:	Parameter 'pReqVO' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/UpdateRemoveRegItemsServiceMarshaller.java:82:	Avoid excessively long variable names like updateRegistryItems
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/UpdateRemoveRegItemsServiceMarshaller.java:82:	Local variable 'updateRegistryItems' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/UpdateRemoveRegItemsServiceMarshaller.java:82:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/UpdateRemoveRegItemsServiceMarshaller.java:85:	Local variable 'mapper' could be declared final
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/UpdateRemoveRegItemsServiceMarshaller.java:85:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/UpdateRemoveRegItemsServiceMarshaller.java:88:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/UpdateRemoveRegItemsServiceUnMarshaller.java:47:	Avoid excessively long variable names like manageRegItemsResVO
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/UpdateRemoveRegItemsServiceUnMarshaller.java:53:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/UpdateRemoveRegItemsServiceUnMarshaller.java:57:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/UpdateRemoveRegItemsServiceUnMarshaller.java:57:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/UpdateRemoveRegItemsServiceUnMarshaller.java:57:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/UpdateRemoveRegItemsServiceUnMarshaller.java:57:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/UpdateRemoveRegItemsServiceUnMarshaller.java:61:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/UpdateRemoveRegItemsServiceUnMarshaller.java:66:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/UpdateRemoveRegItemsServiceUnMarshaller.java:68:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/UpdateRemoveRegItemsServiceUnMarshaller.java:68:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/UpdateRemoveRegItemsServiceUnMarshaller.java:68:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/UpdateRemoveRegItemsServiceUnMarshaller.java:69:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/UpdateRemoveRegItemsServiceUnMarshaller.java:69:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/UpdateRemoveRegItemsServiceUnMarshaller.java:69:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/UpdateRemoveRegItemsServiceUnMarshaller.java:71:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/UpdateRemoveRegItemsServiceUnMarshaller.java:71:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/UpdateRemoveRegItemsServiceUnMarshaller.java:71:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/UpdateRemoveRegItemsServiceUnMarshaller.java:72:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/UpdateRemoveRegItemsServiceUnMarshaller.java:72:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/com/bbb/commerce/giftregistry/UpdateRemoveRegItemsServiceUnMarshaller.java:72:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
